 we came to london for 5 days/4 nights, and we ate here three times. probably not the most touristy thing to do (like, why didn't we try more restaurants?!) but it was so good we just couldn't help it!we ended up there our first night in london because it had good reviews and was within walking distance of the ritz, where we stayed. we sat at the bar because it was 5pm & convenient, but then learned that was the easiest place to get in for dinner. (there were lines out the door for tables the other two times we came in. pro tip: get there before 5 to beat the work crowd; have a drink or two at the bar and then order dinner.)the first time, i ordered a lobster roll; the second time i had a burger (just to try it--delicious); and then i the last time i had another lobster roll. for me, i would probably go for the lobster roll because that's a little harder to get than a good cheeseburger where i live. but, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, really.i wish i remembered our bartender's name from the first night; he made the best old fashioneds and whiskey sours. the other ones we had weren't bad, but the first guy really finessed the drinks, and we could tell.ugh, my mouth is watering just thinking about this place... lobster rolls are one of my favourite things, so i was more than happy to finally get to one of these after it being suggested to me. it's a chain, i famously rant about chains and try my best to stick to independents when i'm not with people who insist on ruddy nando's (ugh!) and although the burgers are a little pricier to match the lobster i presume, the lobster is actually pretty cheap by lobster-y standard, and although i have had some amazing lobster in the past, this wasn't half bad at all. i plumped for the lobster burger, because i also love meat, and brie and truffle, so all of those packed in with some nicely seasoned chips was pretty good. the staff were lovely, and i would rack this up as one of the less offensive chains. i would give 1 star since the only thing i showed for wasn't available as the grill was down and the service was surly upon our arrival at 20 minutes before but we walked around the blocks and get to hang out a decent coffee shop while people watching.i didn't notice this, even with the signage in the bathroom translated in a number of languages, the bestie picked up on this spot was heavily patronized by asians. nothing good nor bad - just a point of information. i'm used to it for crawfish in la and even ga - they deep but i wonder if they have any complaints about the seasoning or taste of the seafood. like the vietnamese on the westbank of new orleans cook their shellfish like a true louisianian - all spicy and muah. this was priced higher than i anticipated and wouldn't pay for what i had if i had to do it again. people please know: i took a train ride from the airport. black car to buckingham. walked from buckingham to this location all with backpacks on our backs and couldn't be allowed to sit and wait for 20 minutes until they officially opened. ok whatever, we waited at a coffee shop found two blocks over, tried to get a massage across the street from the restaurant and was told no one was on duty but they could get me tomorrow....bestie said it was for men not for me. lolzeither way, returned 10 minutes after opening and the place was packed. take it for what you need it to be. again, i'm butt hurt the grill was on the fritz and no one seemed bothered by it all. you get just what the name says...burgers or lobster. both are delicious. i could see why a local london friend recommended. the limited menu keeps the food moving swiftly, the ingredients are simple and high quality. the restaurant is boisterous and the bar was active when i was there. i'd definitely return. burgers or lobster that's it! can't decide...get both! came here for lunch while visiting london and honestly there isn't much i can add that hasn't already been said in all the other yelp reviews except beware of the sneaky service charge. i didn't mind because the food and service is great! i ordered the lobster roll since that's what the fuss seems to be all about. my lobster was fresh and dressed well. the chips (fries) and salad that comes with it was also delicious. i sat at the bar and the service was attentive and prompt. this place comes off as upscale because of the decor and price tag however the simplicity of the menu allows for a laid back and casual dining experience. it really is a kick back and enjoy yourself type vibe. everything here is so good!!! if you like lobster, you need to come to this place. come and get a whole one pound lobster for less than 25 pounds! they also have an amazing lobster roll and omg their lobster burger is so good! all the things i love in this world were all packed in one burger - juicy meat patty + flavorful lobster + brie + truffle! servers here are amazing too. come here for great food, fun environment, and great service!!! i left my heart in london. the burger was so succulent and moist that it brought tears to my eyes when i finished. burger is almost a worthy contender against the in n out burger back in california(still my all time favorite burger spot). i had the steamed lobster and it was cooked to perfection. their special garlic butter sauce is absolutely mouth watering. staff was very friendly and very accommodating. i cant wait to come back for b+l! if you like lobsters, then you are going to love this place. famous lobster chain of restaurants all over london with cheap lobster and chips. apart from lobster though, they don't actually offer anything elso so special. having tried just burger and chips, i would say that they are overpriced and nothing special about. recommended only for lobster lovers! fun place to eat. good burgers and fries. sort of loud though, so expect that. i really really really liked this place.sat at the bar and radha was awesome. i got the lobster roll as i'm weak for them. it was fantastic portion, fair, and the bread was superb. i'm not the biggest fan of thin fries, think mcdonald's, but these were fresh and piping hot. i really wish their menu was larger as i would love to see them execute a bunch of other things. i really want to see how good the burger is after trying this place. menu is tiny but what they do, they do it wellorder: wait staffjeans: ok by far awesome. great prices. great service. i need to work on opening one of these in dallas!!! interesting concept for a restaurant. we visited 2 locations while we were in londonfood was great! try the lobster burger or the lobster and burger combothe beef quality is good and the lobsters are nice sized too. it can get pricey quick - check the menu prices. full bar and good beer and wine offerings. my two children enjoyed their dinner as well - though there is no kids menu. first of all, you cannot book a table therefore be prepared to queue. luckily, it was just two of us and we had an option to sit at the bar which we took. the service was good and waiters were friendly.there are two options which makes choosing something really easy. i hate long menus and many choices. so, i had the lobster roll. i also chose a cocktail which i can't remember. the lobster roll was yummy as were the fries and everything else. the cocktail was okay. i left leaving b&l hungry. i don't think the value of this place or at least for the lobster roll is that great which is the main reason why i give it a 3 and probably why i wouldn't come here again. food: my wife and i tried the burger and lobster combo, who would had thought this pairing would work. the hamburger was pretty decent and the lobster was delightful. food rating: 4/5service: service was standard and friendly.service rating: 4/5price: expect to pay about ~$25 for the larger size hamburger and i think $30 for the smaller lobster.overall: i enjoyed my dinner and a great place to warm up after the cold rainy day. we were impressed with the food quality, portion and service here. ordered chili lobster, several burgers, lobster rolls - everything was very good and delicious! about 27 per person. read about b & l on yelp. figured we'd give it a go. in a word: wow! great atmosphere (warm, casual, efficient) and terrific food. my husband had the burger and lobster combo while i chose the lobster burger (beef cooked to order, with lobster piled on it). sublime. pricey: dinner for two just shy of $100 (3 beers). plenty of locals and visitors, alike. all treated like an old friend. highly recommend. after a long days walk around town decided to find this original spot for dinner.got seated last minute for late night weekday dinner, no problem with group of 5.lobster original and rolls ordered. dip was excellent, chips were just ok, i like it very crispy no this was a bit soggy.restroom at the back.price is average to high side for what you get.burger was just so-so to me.  i'd skip that for the lobster or do combo deal if you really want it.service charge automatically added, everyone seemed satisfied. i was in the area and arrived right around opening at noon so there was no wait. i was seated at the bar and the bartender immediately noticed my american accent. we got to taking about the restaurant and its origins. this is the original location of burger and lobster so if you want to see where it all began, come here. i ordered the steamed (also available in grilled) half lobster and it came with fries and a small salad. the butter sauce was amazing and should be drizzled on everything. their concept is quite simple which explains their huge success and opening off their new york location. given its only over the pond, if there isn't demand the brand would fail. luckily they did things right and i'm looking forward to coming back again to this chain. don't worry about getting down and dirty. thats how you should be eating seafood. there's nothing more romantic than cracking the shell off a lobster so man up and dig in. everyone else is doing it. i left with a lighter wallet (london is a very expensive city) but the food was great and i would so it again. the waiter was kind enough to give me an extra bib and an oyster card sleeve to take home with me. it was his third day on the job. highly recommended. as a "new englander" (someone from boston, ma / usa) this place gets my five stars. absolutely the best lobster sandwiches i've ever had. wonderful food and incredible server, i only wish i remembered her name. if you're thinking about going go you will have a wonderful meal and a great time.5 it is sooooo good :)had the lobster roll and lobster burger (which the waitress recommended). comes with fries (chips) and a small mixed salad. i recommend trying the lobster roll!!! actually chunks of lobster and the butter sauce.is a bit on the price side. most amazing lobster roll you will ever have. perfectly seasoned with garlic and lemon. i came for lunch and got sat immediately with a very efficient and nice waitress. would definitely recommend this place to anyone coming to london who loves lobster!! decent burgers and lobster rolls, this restaurant was a much bigger hit when it first opened in london 5 years ago and they were charging 20 for each of the only three items on the menu - a burger, a lobster roll, or a whole lobster. they seem to have since expanded their menu and adjusted prices as well with burgers at 16 and lobster rolls at a comparatively pricier 25, both with a side salad and fries. overall still decent eats and good selection of cocktails, but now that prices have gone up i'm less excited about burger and lobster. got here at 6pm on a sunday evening and didn't have to wait, but a queue was forming by the time we left at 7pm. first time at burger & lobster. pricer than expected (lobster roll was 25, 2 lb lobster was 40) but the food is excellent. casual, hip setting. deducting 1 star for the price to food worth. this is a must in london, recommended for lunch. go for the lobster or the lobster roll, interesting concept. this place was fantastic! close to hyde park, it made for a perfect lunch spot. my husband has both gluten and dairy allergies and our waitress was very knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating. not to mention, the food was fantastic and did not disappoint. this place was incredible. food and service was outstanding. wait staff was welcoming. just what the name describes- only burgers and lobster. done very well! loved each part of the dish. so i was one of the unfortunate souls who didn't know that ground beef was the same price as a whole lobster. i would have a hard time thinking a standard sized lobster roll would be a good value. the burger was definitely good, but nothing that knocked my socks off. my friend got the lobster, and it was grilled perfectly. fries were evenly cooked, but nothing special either. i had the gran capitan cocktail, and it was really sweet. at 10 quid for about 6oz, it's definitely not worth it. they have two beers on tap, i believe. both were good and typically priced. staff is friendly, but otherwise pretty standard. overall, this is a pretty average place, but with higher than average prices. the menu is really limited. there's not even an option for one person to sample both burger and lobster. this place should be called "burger or lobster, but don't bother with burger since it's a ripoff" burger was huge, and tasted great. (a little too greasy for me, but my bro digged it lol)lobster tasted okay, not bad, but it didnt exactly lived up to my expectations. noisy, crowded, 80's rock. wouldn't have it another way. pint of ipa & a combo hit the spot.	0	1	1	0	0
 my second uk three michelin star experience left me even more impressed than my first in february. from the moment i stepped into the waiting room, i was attended to by a staff member at one point or another throughout the entire night. michelin says that execution here is flawless and it really is-- i've griped about the waiter bumping into my dining partner's chair throughout the night at eleven madison park and the bizarre music that was played at alain ducasse, but the attention to detail given at gordon ramsay was unbelievable. the maitre d', jean claude, is world class. he memorized my name and addressed me by it every time he came and chatted with me.for food, i selected the menu prestige option: 1) pressed foie gras: foie gras doesn't really do anything for me regardless of the restaurant, but this course was still extremely pleasant.2) ravioli: a single piece was all that was needed. absolute savory perfection, it's been on the menu for 23 years for a reason3) poached isle of gigha halibut. looks like a pillow of air, and tastes just the same. it melted in my mouth with no bad fishy after taste.4) braised, confit and roasted lamb: a selection of five different cuts of lamb, all of which were the most tender i've had. the confit lamb was unbelievable.5) selection of cheeses from the trolley: i selected one of each of the different groupings of cheese, and told my waiter "the stronger, the better." he did not disappoint. their fromagerie is local in the marylebone district of london6) sorbet: i had to work for this one-- my instruction was to crush the liquid nitrogen dried mint in my mortar and pestle bowl, and roll the sorbet around it.7) lemon parfait: simply exquisite, and a perfect finish to this meal8) bonus course: i'll leave this one for you to find out on your own ;)i'll be back to england in february for a visit to the waterside inn so i'll have a third of now five (to include araki's addition to the three star list) to compare then. i ordered the 145 prestige tasting menu at restaurant gordon ramsey, and while most courses tasted good, none were quite mind-blowing. it's usually the other way around, but i actually thought the entrees were significantly better than the appetizers or desserts. in particular, the lamb was delicious but the ravioli and lemonade parfait were ordinary. i was hoping that this restaurant would top my list of favorite michelin experiences in london, but unfortunately that didn't happen. oh also, what's up with the co-ed bathroom?// peas, radish, mint, onion, goat's cheese*// pressed foie gras - green apples, turnips, watercress, smoked duck// ravioli - lobster, langoustine, salmon, oxtails and wood sorrel// poached isle of gigha halibut - atlantic king crab, finger lime, ras el hanout infused broth// braised, confit and roasted herdwick lamb - spring vegetable 'navarin'// soup - pineapple, coconut, kaffir lime// pineapple coconut and kaffir lime mousse*// sorbet - english breakfast tea, mint// lemonade parfait - honey, bergamot, sheep's milk yoghurt// elderflower jelly, strawberry ice cream coated in white chocolate, i planned for my europe trip few months in advance and booked gordon ramsay restaurant to celebrate for my hubby's birthday dinner.i have been to a few 3 michelin star and 2 michelin star restaurants in tokyo, hk, nyc & vegas. of coz, i would expect more at one of 3 michelin star restaurant in london. it was not incredibly expensive as 3 michelin star restaurant (compared with paris). we ordered tasting menu and dishes were phenomenal! pressed foie gras - it's light but tastylobster ravioli - it's so deliciouspoached halibut - presented beautifully but halibut taste a bit raw...lamb in 3 ways (braised, confit and roasted) - it's cooked perfect on each way.roast pigeon - i would say chinese roast pigeon a bit better.. lolsoup **so different and special** - pineapple coconut, it liked a drink than a soup to us. taste so fresh and good.sorbet - english breakfast tea with mint. we needed grind the mint by ourselves and put the sorbet into stone mortar and pestle. white chocolate covered strawberry sorbet balls - that's so cool with dry ice presentationlemon parfait - i personally don't like sheep milk and didn't expect bergamot would taste so good with lemon parfait.after big meal, the manger chatted and offered us to visit the kitchen. it's pretty impressed for medium size kitchen and staffs can make such quality of dishes. ****1000th review****this was my first three michelin star restaurant i have dined at and it did not disappoint. this small, intimate restaurant lives up to the hype and will be one of the best experiences you will have. for the price, i believe it is very reasonable for what they charge. tasting menu with a high profile celebrity chef could easily cost way more than that price they charge.i suggest planning ahead on this one, it's a very small restaurant with a paced tasting menu. this isn't a place where you will walk up and get a seat. plan ahead! the experience is awesome and i highly recommend trying to get a table here. the service is excellent and flow of the menu is just right. one piece of advice is to ask for the check, from what i was told usa vs europe has different etiquette surrounding the check delivery. if you don't ask for it, you may sit awkwardly for a bit.the food is amazing, this was the best restaurant i have ever eaten at. everything start to finish was delicious and perfect. they cook at such a high level here, every dish on the menu is something i would order again. the food was so well prepared and lived up to the michelin accolade, can't get much better than what they offer. i would go back here the first chance i got, wish this one was closer to me. this is my #1 meal and i encourage you to try them out! my wife and i ate at the restaurant on monday, november 20th, 2017. we were one of the first tables seated for the evening.initially, things were going great. we were greeted nicely, the staff helped us to take off our coats and escorted us to our table. we both ordered the menu prestige and asked for the selection of cheeses to be added on.then, our experience went downhill. i ordered a wine supplement with my meal. this included five glasses of wine for a price of around 110-130. this price range was specified in the menu. after ordering, one of the servers came up to the table and asked us who is paying for the bill. then, he opened the menu to the page that listed the price of the wine supplement, and asked us if we are aware of the cost. i was very confused by this - i've never been asked if i was aware of the cost of something i was ordering. it seemed a bit insulting - as if we would not be able to afford the (very reasonable) price. neither my wife nor i were under-dressed for this occasion of a fancy dinner. i even wore a tie. the service continued to be rather pretentious throughout dinner, as if we were being looked down upon.on to the food. the initial courses were outstanding - the foie gras, the ravioli, and the poached halibut. unfortunately, the mains were underwhelming. my wife did not enjoy her roast pigeon and i did not feel that the lamb was anything special - definitely not for a three-star restaurant. the dessert was tasty but not particularly memorable.after eating and having our table cleared, we awkwardly waited around 20 minutes for the bill. eventually, we got the attention of one of the servers, who did apologize for taking so long with the bill. we felt that given the price we were paying for the experience, such a wait was unwarranted.when the bill did arrive, we seem to have been overcharged for the selection of cheeses. the price on the menu was 10, but we were charged 18 each. i did not notice until we have left the restaurant, and going back or calling to complain over 16 seemed unnecessary. the lack of attention regarding billing was a bit disappointing. perhaps the menus need to be updated if the price did, in fact, change. i've uploaded a photo of our bill, along with a screenshot of the menu from the restaurant's website.overall, my wife and i were not happy with the experience. we have eaten at three-star and one-star restaurants prior to visiting restaurant gordon ramsay, and have had much better experiences at each of them. we did not expect to be so disappointed by restaurant gordon ramsay. i won't be posting all pictures as i think they are the same as all recent reviews. so just the two worth noting is one on duck foie gras - excellent crispy on the outside and buttery inside. it was quite heated-warm on the outside but just cold-warm inside. the halibut was superb. never had it this way. very soft like sashimi. pros - when you go to a 3 stars mich resto, you expect your dishes to be superb. yes you will get superb food. cons - we were 10min late. and upon arrival, we were advised that we may need to drink our coffee outside at the reception area. is that how you treat your guest? tables are really small for two-persons. need to relocate my glasses everytime when food came. tables are really crowded as well. the person from the other table next to me was really just right next to me. the dining area is really packed and busy. waiters and waitresses were walking back and forth non-stops, not serving food tho, just checking on people to see if they were finished or not. keep on coming up to refill the water even just after one sip. gosh, so stressed. not really fine-dinig atmosphere. waiters were fine. but the waitresses all look so uptight and no smile at all... i think what put together a 3-star resto means more than just the food. also the atmosphere, services, comfortness. gordon ramsay's resto only has quality food. all the other 3 points are lacking. i would just give it a 2-star... long awaited review! let me start by commending monsieur jean-claude. your customer service is impeccable. what a genuine good hearted man you are. service was definitely what was expected from a three michelin star restaurant. the food surprised me. each dish had an individual taste that foreign to my taste buds. i adored how there were so much contrast in each dish that made the flavors pop. presentation was well put together. the only complaint i would truly say i had was that towards the end, i did feel that timing was a little off. it might be from my slight jet lag, but i was nodding off during the last two courses. great experience and i would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys great food. i ate here this has to be my 10th time on my last trip to europe i will share some pics of this insane best tasting food i think i have ever had. granted i spent well over 500 euros but was worth every penny! this was by far, the most expensive, yet the most amazing gastronomic experience i've ever had in my life. with 3 menus to choose from, i did the classic tasting menu to get the full treatment. to make a long story short, each of the items that i had were prepared beautifully (just look at the photos), oh and they all tasted very good to brilliant. i was up sold on the truffle pasta special, the fancy ordeal of the truffle shavings and the sauce was great fun at 35 pounds.what made my bill go so astronomical after it was all said and done (346 pounds but who's counting), was ordering glasses of wine, willy-nilly, not realizing the price or not caring, to be quite honest.overall, i was completely satisfied, amazed, and had the best eating experience of my entire life! in fact at the end of the event the matre d' took me into the kitchen to take a look! i loved that. i don't know if he did it out of pity or they normally do that but i loved it. was it worth the cost, no... but would i do it again... yes - but knowing what i know now, i'll be a little more strategic in what i order and thus, more cost-effective. this place is well worth whatever you happen to pay and whatever trouble it might take you to get there (which hopefully, isn't very much- it's easily found).service: impeccable. not hovering, but exceptionally cognizant of what you need. they're attentive & friendly, willing to answer questions.food (vegetarian review): outstanding. and filling. by the 4th course or so, it was getting to the point of uncomfortably full. they have a vegetarian menu that has several choices to piece together a 3 course meal. it does not include dessert- it's an add-on.you can opt to make it a 7 course ('prestige') meal as well, which is pretty much everything on the vegetarian menu (you have to choose between a cheese plate or a soup). it comes with both desserts. i'm sure the menu changes, but they did some cool things- i crushed leaves in a mortar w/a pestle as part of dessert, balls of ice cream came out in dry ice, and there were all sorts of crackle-y, crispy things to crunch your way through. dress code: men- no running shoes, vans or converse. they'll make you change into a loaner pair, and they might not have your size- my husband had to wear a pair that looked like clown shoes. ladies- jeans are ok. same as above. i assume guys can wear jeans as well (nice jeans), but not 100% sure. at the end of the meal, they'll offer to call you a cab.great experience! being one of the most famous chefs in the world, gordon ramsay is a must try during my trip to london. while i had high expectations, i was also quite excited to try this restaurant.seared foie gras (5/5): this was very well done. the pairing of the flavor with the sauces and the cherry was outstanding. also because i just love foie gras.pigeon (3/5): while i do like pigeons and the skin was crispy and delicious... this dish was way too salty. the saltiness overpowered the taste of the pigeon and the other wonderful ingredients.lemon yogurt dessert (4/5): i forgot the exact name of the dessert but it was kind of citrusy with some goat yogurt, if i remember correctly. it was delicious but not something that was spectacular. though, the presentation was beautiful.service was lovely though, and the ambiance top-notch. the food: delicious. beautiful presentation. my particular favorites: the ravioli. the pigeon (the pigeon was so tender and perfectly flavored). the cheese selection i added onto our menu. the service: awkward? i don't know how to better describe the service experience. they were constantly buzzing around in this tiny room and i just felt like i had no personal space. the servers were also not as eloquent and refined as i expected from a restaurant of this caliber. at one point, a server poured sparkling water in my glass half full of still water...and it was quite clear that the still bottled water was in front of my glass and the sparkling water bottle was in front of my boyfriend's....so that was strange. there was a lot of hovering and a lack of smooth rotation, in my mind. i don't quite know how better to explain it.i'd of course recommend this restaurant to anyone celebrating a special occasion or visiting london with a desire to have an exemplary fine dining experience. i just was expecting a 10/10 experience. i have eaten at many 3 michelin resurants and this one just didn't stand out to me. none of the dishes stood out to me and i have to say i was a little disappointed.amuse-bouche:1. truffle bun: this was delicious2. salmon wrapped in seaweed: had something crunchy inside that was so yummy3. prosciutto wrap:bread:1. bacon onion brioche: yum!! didn't even bother with the other bread options.we ordered:1. egg shell filled: tasted like creamy bacon potato soup inside2. pressed foie gras: i am not a fan of foie pt to begin with, but then i found a piece of what looked like string or i'm thinking part of the animal in the pt i pulled out, which is a big no no for a restaurant of this caliber.3. lobster ravioli4. poached halibut in infused broth5. lamb: confit, braised and roasted. delicious. my favorite was the lamb confit6. mango, jasmine and passion fruit soup (option instead of cheese trolley)7. cheese plate8. muddled freeze dried rose petal with lemon sorbet refresher9. coffee souffl - perfect10. lemonade parfait - very light and delicious11. chocolate hazelnut praline dessert12. the petits fours - the chocolate brittle was deliciousoverall, it was good. compared to other michelin restaurants nothing really stood out to me as being amazing or innovative or just down right delicious. had a difficult time deciding on which gordon ramsay restaurant to try in london, but so glad we were able to book a spot at his flagship 3 michelin star restaurant. this was an dining experience we will never forget and well worth it.food and service was superb, not to mention the many complimentary chef surprises. we loved our conversations with jean claude the maitre d. he has a fantastic way of connecting with people and made us feel so warm and welcomed. we decided to go.with the 3 course lunch menu and ordered the buckwheat gnocchi and dexter beef tartar, followed by the roast cornish skate and roast venison and finally finishing off with the custard tart. it's hard to say which was our favorite because they all tasted so fantastic and hard to single out one.in addition to what we ordered, we were presented with many surprises from the chef that were so delicious that words alone cannot describe what we had. the complexity of the flavors and beauty of the presentation was phenomenal. hats of to matt abe, head chef, which we had the great pleasure of meeting when jean claude invited us to a kitchen tour. there is a reason this is a 3 michelin star restaurant and it was well worth it.the food and staff shine here. just... wow. my tastes usually run a bit cheaper than this, but restaurant gordon ramsay is something to be experienced. the food is delicious and complicated. the wine matches perfectly. and the service is impeccable. like, ludicrously impeccable. watching the intricate way that the staff members weave around each other to keep the maximum number of people doting on the guests the entire time is almost as much fun as enjoying the meal itself.this will very likely always be the most expensive meal i have ever eaten, but it was absolutely worth it. eating here is the perfect way to explore what real artists can do with food,and with the dining experience. lived up to expectations. the end. just kidding, we had a great meal and experience. the staff, food, wine list and decor are 5 star. they brought out a small starter to awaken the taste buds which was a truffle mouse in an egg shell. my first course was the lobster ravioli which was stuffed with delicious lobster meat and my husband had the homemade pasta dish w a frothy prosciutto sauce. for second course i had the lamb which prepared in a few different ways and my husband has the red deer venison. both were great...of course my lamb was the best! ;) for dessert we both had the cheese course which came out on a large cart. it was glorious! we ended with coffee which they bring to everyone with some tasty little treats. i was so stuffed!! the wine list was all i could have hoped for too with plenty of bordeaux to chose from! and they even took us on a tour of the kitchen! i highly recommend! of course as a michelin star restaurant be ready to pull out your wallet! this is one of the 3 michelin star restaurants in london so i have decided to splash out and try it since i am a foodie. this establishment is located in chelsea and it is quite a walk from the tube station so do plan your journey a bit. we were lucky to get a table for 2 about 3 weeks before the reservation date as i think there was some cancellation.the restaurant is actually quite small and very intimate. i was hoping the atmosphere was going to be quite chilled and relaxed. however, due to the number of people in the room, everyone was talking away and it is actually quite noisy for a michelin starred restaurant. i was here with a friend and not a date so it didn't really bothered me.the service was beyond perfect and i give them full marks for it. very attentive waiters and waitresses and no mistake done. we are not locals and we could see quite a few tables with foreigners here but everyone was treated with respect and with no attitude. this is what makes a good restaurant. the wine list is extensive. we asked the sommelier to recommend wines that go well with our courses and all of them were perfectly paired. if you want to pair it with your 7 courses, it is usually about 100 per person but you may have less and pay less so it really is up to you. i am not going to go into details on each of the dishes that i have tried. i had the seasonal tasting menu and my friend had the prestige tasting menu. the pictures that i have posted speaks for itself and what you will be expecting from the dishes. we also tried a bit of each other's food so that we know how the food was compared to other michelin star restaurants. unfortunately for us, the food i have to say is not up to a 3 michelin star quality. maybe we went in expecting too much from this restaurant but i have been to some 1 & 2 starred restaurants and the flavour and taste of their food did surpass restaurant gordon ramsay. i believe that the quality and taste of the food is more geared towards a 1 star quality especially for the price that i am paying. the prestige menu was priced at 145 and the seasonal menu was priced at 175. of course, the seasonal menu tasted better than the prestige menu since it is more expensive. i think this is a one in a lifetime experience which i agree as it is after all a 3 michelin star restaurant from gordon ramsay. however, i don't think i will come back as we came here to give a 3 star a try. just not value for money and definitely not a 3 michelin star i was expecting food wise. sorry but i do think you guys can definitely do better on the food. the rating i have provided reflects the value and also the quality & flavour of the food when compared with other michelin starred restaurants i have tried. it really doesn't get any better. you really do get what you pay for here. the fois gras and sweetbreads were food heaven. i have no vocabulary to describe the suckling pig. crispy, sweet, the absolute essence of pork. sublime. the caramelized tarte tatin with a glass of chilled sauterne. it's really beyond words. wonderful service, subdued atmosphere and not a hint of snobbery. in a class on its own. i have to agree with a previous reviewer, performance is the perfect description of the dining experience here. i was really looking forward to this, i've been a gordon ramsay fan for a long time and couldn't leave london without experiencing this for myself. as a matter of fact, i picked the dates for our visit to london based on the time i could get a reservation!our reservation was for 6pm, and our plan was to come a little early and start with a cocktail at the bar. we accomplished this, except restaurant gordon ramsay wasn't open when we arrived, so we found ourselves at maize grill also owned by gordon ramsay. that was a great experience too, but back to this review. everything at restaurant gordon ramsay is very precise. every member of staff gives you a great deal of attention. the dining room itself is fairly small, it can't be easy to maneuver around room without running into each other, but they do a flawless job. they don't quite stand by your table, but they politely guide you through the experience. there were two sommeliers to make recommendations as well as to serve and explain the wine with each course. even as efficient as the staff is our meal lasted three hours (and i was trying to go slowly!) this is the first michelin stared restaurant i've ever been to and it sets the bar quite high for any experiences yet to come. three michelin stars since 2001 huh? they definitely deserve it. the wine list is extensive and detailed. have fun with that if you're a connoisseur.impeccable service  la russe in an unassuming location, with 3 prix fixe menus to choose from. my cousin and i each had the menu prestige, and made slightly different choices to try to cover as much variety as possible. (see photos)my favorite dish was the ravioli of lobster, langoustine, and salmon. what really blew me away was the texture of the dish. it was perfectly folded and completely packed full of seafood. to keep it short, every dish was cooked exactly as described to perfection. the dishes are influenced by local flavors (you'll see it in the herbs, especially) so it is a good way to become intimate with that cuisine. the decor could have used a little help. the wood paneling on the walls makes me think they're getting ready to pack up and close shop. the seating is intimate, and we had a wonderful table right next to the window. the service itself from making the reservation to leaving the restaurant was beyond expectation. no detail is too small for their staff. gordon ramsay is an amazing chef and his restaurants never fail to deliver a fantastic meal regardless of city. although his restaurant within trianon palais hotel in paris is my favorite, i absolutely loved dinner here. the lemon parfait dessert was perfect icing on a five star dinner that was creative and full of delicious flavors. service was five stars and flawless as expected. the lobster ravioli and suckling pig are culinary perfection. the ravioli was fresh and meet of the lobster was creamy, sweet, and perfectly cooked. the pig skin was the best i have ever had, ever. to get that texture takes a lot of experience and time. great great dishes.the compressed foie gras is complex. the texture and temperature were done perfectly but the dish came out underwhelming in taste and seasoning. with the garnishes it does bring the dish to a different level but i believe the foie gras should be able to stand by itself.staff was friendly and attends to the tables well. i had a tour of the kitchen and it's superb as you'd expect. once we arrived in town we went to our hotel dropped off our bagged and took a uber straight there. we had the last reservation time for the afternoon service and you could not tell that it was the end of service. we were treated like anyone else without any rush or hurry. service was excellent and white gloved. waiters, waitresses and head of the house was very informative, friendly and very knowledgeable of their food.  we had their seasonal menu. presentation of each course was absolutely a work of art! it broke my heart to eat them but once i took the first bite my heart mended and was filled with love and warmth of the chief's hard work. being the last patron in the dinning room, we were invited by the manager to take a tour of the kitchen. wow! we were shocked on how many chef's were in there. from entrees, pastry, and dishware section, it was such a delight to go into the kitchen and to be shown around. too bad that we didn't run into gordon ramsey but we were told that he does stop by often to cook and run service. the experience was a delight and i am truly honored to have eaten here. i won't go into a lot of detail here, there are legions of other reviews for that. the key points about my experience:1. the food was phenomenal2. we were treated a little weirdly at timeshere's some detail on point 2: we are american, we are well versed in fine dining. does anyone come here who isn't? you can't exactly walk in off the street or stumble into a reservation... anyway, the first weird thing was that we requested the wine pairings. the pairing isn't like a typical tasting menu where there is a published price, they give you a range because they claim to select wines on a case by case basis after discussing likes and dislikes with you. that's fine. the weird thing was that when my husband told a server that we were interested in pairings, she asked us who was hosting the dinner. we were perplexed, never having been asked that question before, there were only two of us (married couple). after a painful few moments we discerned that she was asking who would be paying for dinner and then verified that we were okay with the range of prices that had been printed on the menu that we had *just* been perusing. yes, we ordered the pairings, we are prepared to pay within the listed price range. the second weird thing was when we selected our chosen main course. i ordered the pigeon (or squab as we yanks call it) and the server (i think the gm?) asked if i was fine with it being cooked med. rare. i said yes, that is fine with me, that is how i prefer it. it seemed as if he didn't quite believe me and then basically proceeded to try to talk me out of going with the chef's recommendation. he said "i don't know, are you sure? it is served *quite pink*, we can cook it more for you if you prefer..." i'm not sure what this was about, perhaps they've been burned by too many stupid americans sending back a beautifully cooked dish to be cooked more? or i was just being profiled as a dumb woman who doesn't know anything? i can't be sure. regardless, the squab was perfection and i ate every bite. perhaps this gentleman recognized that he'd misjudged us, he gave us a tour of the kitchen at the end of our meal, presumably to compensate for his somewhat poor behavior earlier in the meal.ultimately, the meal was fantastic, the food was fabulous and the weirdness didn't ruin it, but i thought it was notable, i've never been treated this way in such a highly regarded restaurant before.hopefully someone from the restaurant reads this so that they can take the feedback, but i have a feeling that management at establishments such as r gr don't give a hoot about yelp reviews... i appreciated the elegance of the lunch course, where the light and flavorful sauces really took the main ingredients to the next level. i like it when chefs exhibit restraint and incorporate elements of authenticity and tradition; it shows true confidence in one's palate.i was especially impressed with the hospitality by the very professional maitre d'. we spoke some light french and enjoyed a tour of the kitchen. lunch was $285 for two. best restaurant ive been to yet. we truly felt like the entire staff was there to serve our every need. the food was amazing, but it was the service that try blew us away. made the trek across the atlantic worth it. three michelin stars does not disappoint!my husband is a huge gordon ramsay fan and so when we were planning our trip to london we had to stop off and eat at one of his restaurants!we planned the trip very last minute so we were not hopeful of getting a reservation. as everyone says, looks like you have to book months in advance to secure a table, we had weeks lol. i watched the opentable reservations like a hawk and managed to score a last minute lunch reservation for a thursday!make sure you leave ample time to make your reservation as we had to call an uber to get over to the chelsea area as there was a tube strike occurring. we made it on time and were seated at once. the service was impeccable. we were started off with a glass of champagne followed by our choose of butter and breads. there's one with bacon, a pretzel roll, and irish soda bread. all the breads are delicious so you should have all of them and a lot of them as much as you can!!then comes the hard part, what to eat? we were really tempted to try the prestige menu which had 7 courses which is what the restaurant was known for but it was lunch time and we wanted to save room for more snacks and food as we explored london a little more. so we went with the 3 course lunch menu and added on wine pairings for our starters and mains. i had the agnolotti with fresh peas as a starter while my husband went for the steak tartare. my agnolotti pasta was soo good. the flavors were very delicate but had a lot of flavor! my husband looked happy with his steak tartare as well.for the mains, i ordered the cornish cod while my husband ordered the poussin. i loved all the flavors of the cod and loved the shiitake mushrooms. the poussin was cooked very well as well.the funest part was the desserts. not only were our desserts delicious, we got extra desserts as well! the white chocolate covered strawberry ice cream balls were served in a tin with dry ice so that was a fun effect! my favorite of the extra dessert with the peanut butter brittle. soo good.yes it's worth the money to come here! the service and food here are all top notch! i'll be watching the dinner reservations on opentable to come back for the prestige menu!!! for being my very first restaurant in london and first 3 star michelin restaurant. it. did. not. disappoint.the whole "performance" the waiters put on is just perfection. you can not find service like this in america. from the pulling out your chair, to a brand new glass/silverware with each plate, to sweeping the crumbs off your table because the pig you are. every single dish i had was an eye opening shock. the combination of flavors were out of this world. i had a very late reservation so i was able to get a mini tour of the kitchen which makes you feel a little important. this place is a must if you're ever in london and are prepared to spend at least 350 pounds on yourself alone. treat yo self. wow.honestly, did you expect anything else? the volatile celebrity chef really does know what he's doing when it comes to restaurants. easily the best dinner experience of my life.came here on a monday evening with 2 other acquaintances visiting from italy. since we are all from america and only staying in europe for short time, we figured we might as well treat ourselves to a extremely special dinner. the service was wonderful. the sommelier, instinctively telling that we were college students, gave my friends (i don't drink) a cheap but wonderful wine recommendation, which they eagerly accepted. the matire'd, apparently renowned in london for his welcoming nature, greeted us, asked where we were from, and genuinely seemed interested in a trio of kids that didn't seem to belong. all three of us got the tasting menu, the food was stunning. everything was prepared incredibly carefully, and the presentation was a visual masterpiece. we couldn't help but to take pictures of the food, which i feared would make us stand out in a room of the mature and sophisticated. it started with a small collection of starters that included scotch eggs. next camethe pressed foie gras, which had a smooth texture and sweet tartness to it due to the green apples.then we moved onto the isle of gigha halibut, which was presented with this ras el hanout infused broth. the flowers that laid atop the delicate fish were a delightful surprise, both visually and in flavor.the ravioli of lobster, langoustine, and salmon is undeniably the star of the show, being one of the signature dishes. easily the best ravioli i've ever had in my life, i was saddened when it so quickly disappeared off my plate. i eased the pain away by licking the delicious bisque that accompanied it.next were the cotswold lamb, mango jasmine and passion fruit soup, cucumber sorbet (which was used as a palate cleanser), and finally dessert with lemonade parfait. the lemonade parfait was truly an incredible way to finish off the meal. it was possibly the most beautifully extravagant concept for a dessert i have ever had the pleasure of eating. the transparent sauce that aligned the plate was especially delicious. after our meal, the matire'd actually invited us into the kitchen. we were eager to see claire and thank her for the meal, but unfortunately she had left by the time we finished. the kitchen trip was a unique experience in its own right, as i have never seen the kitchen of a restaurant before, much less that of a 3-star michelin one!afterwards, our maitre'd bid us farewell, wishing us a good night and safe travels back to our respective homes in the states. i was astonished he actually remembered all of our cities, but in retrospect, i shouldn't have been surprised such an impressive man would be in charge of such an incredible restaurant.it's been a few months since that night, but i still look back upon it with fondness. hopefully one day i will be able to return to restaurant gordon ramsay, and enjoy another unforgettable meal. without question, the food here was great. and i say great, not amazing the way a three michelin starred restaurant should be. they say that you should go out of your way and even travel to a country for a three star restaurant, but this food was more on par with the one stars i've been too. in fact, my favorite part of the meal was the dessert, a grapefruit custard with mascarpone sorbet. the main, roast venison, was quite well-prepared but nothing to write home about. it was not impressive. the service, too, was quite rude. my group of 6 was not treated the same as the other clients, as we were obviously half the age as everyone and were from america. we were not seated immediately because our last party member was not there yet, but another group after us was seated immediately even though they said they were waiting for someone as well. what's more, our friend was made to change into leggings from her jeans, which is totally acceptable given their dress code, but then we saw another woman with shorts on who had not been made to change. additionally, the host kept on asking us if we knew what tartare and venison were and asked us to tell him what it was just to make sure we knew... if we didn't know, would we be there ordering it? overall quite disappointed by the incongruence between price and taste as well as the rudeness of the service.	0	0	0	0	0
 the palomar restaurant was our last stop in during our trip in london, and it turned out to be the perfect choice. this is definitely one of those restaurants where everything on the menu is very well-prepared, so it's hard to go wrong with any one particular dish.we ordered: - kubaneh: yemeni pot baked bread served with tahini & velvet tomatoes. great starter dish but make sure to share with at least one other person or else you'll be too full.- fattoush salad: tomato, cucumber, za'atar, sumac, challag croutons, brazil nuts and labneh. refreshing and balanced some of the richer dishes.- shakshukit: deconstructed kebab with minced beef & lamb, yoghurt, tahini, cured lemon & harissa. interesting concept and solid flavors, but didn't blow us away like the other dishes.- polenta jerusalem style with asparagus, mushroom ragout, parmesan & truffle oil. super rich and savory - would definitely order again.- gnocchi hamousta: fennel & leek cream, almonds & ricotta salata. unique dish that was well-prepared.- jerusalem mess: labneh mousse, almond crumble, strawberries, lemon cream & fresh sorrel. the perfect end to a wonderful meal!overall, each dish was amazing, but the combination of everything was a little too rich for us and we ended up a bit too full. if we went back, i would probably substitute the gnocchi or the shakshukit with a lighter dish. make sure to make reservations for this restaurant. i made reservations 3 weeks prior and a lot of the times were already booked. this is both one of the hottest and controversial restos for middle eastern food. barbary its slightly wallet friendlier sister resto seems to generate more consistent reviews. however, our experience for the quality of food certainly exceeded the superb experience we had at barbary. service was friendly as well. cannot make reservations other than for the noon and 5pm seating around the kitchen bar. there is a seating area beside the kitchen bar area which might be easier to score on a busy night. however, leave your name with hostess and they'll call you. while you wait to be called go have a nice glass of rioja at the mas q menos nearby in what is otherwise a touristy area. put my name down for two at 6:30pm and was seated at 7:10pm (they estimated 8pm). i waited outside but they took my number down in case i wanted to walk around.one selection from each type of food was a great amount for two people. the kubaneh and tzatziki were amazing. i didn't expect "bread and yogurt dip" to be so memorable: the bread was like a giant cinnamon roll (as in fluffy and spiraled) and the tzatziki was unlike anything i've had before. kind of tasted mustardy and had more character than other variations i've tried previously (which i enjoy but all blend together in my memory). my cousin and i were still eating it once the bread was gone. the beetroot carpaccio was underwhelming and we could have done without it. for the main course, we had the risotto special and polenta. both were savory, rich, and delicious. apps were definitely the star.the vibe of the restaurant was unique. it was cool sitting at the bar watching the kitchen and being served by the chefs. it was loud, but not hard to have a intelligible conversation. one weird thing was the dip/raw chef would taste the food and keep using the same spoon to mix the dish (and dishes after). maybe it's just me, but i think he should have been using clean spoons.overall really great experience. i'd recommend it, and i'd go back! my friend chose the palomar for one of her last meals in london before she went back to australia (sob.) i did really like the food, but i wouldn't rush back.we'd heard that you could easily grab a table by the bar without booking, so i arrived early to put our name down. the lady at the front said someone had just cancelled, so they had a free table a bit later. this was all good, but she made me give my credit card details, and told me she'd charge 80 (20 per head if we didn't show up.) that all seemed strange to me. she was basically telling me she'd just charged some poor soul 80 for not showing up, and that she'd have the same from us if we didn't show up too...even though this was only 1.5 hours notice. so...they seem really greedy - i basically decided i don't like the way they treat people before we even got to sit down!!later when we made it into the restaurant i was happier. it has a nice relaxing atmosphere and our waiter was really friendly. things i loved:- i probably shouldn't start with it, but the sorbet is amaaaazing. seriously, this might be one of the nicest possible ways to finish a good meal.- i loooved the tzatziki - it's just a dip, but their version was gorgeous. - i really liked the beetroot carpaccio.- the beets go prawns were nice too.less impressive:- after telling us we'd under-ordered and we should get another item we were encouraged to try the truffle polenta...but in they didn't bother bringing it. in the end they brought it out after we'd finished everything else, but the flavours were just a bit too strong to eat it alone. meh. i wasn't keen at all.- octo-humus was also a bit of a disappointment. i love octopus when it is good, but this just wasn't fresh enough. ah well. - we were really squished in!! we had 3 people on a table for four, but it was pretty cramped. - there was also a chilly draft, even right at the back of the restaurant. outstanding middle eastern cuisine, in a unique setting with wonderful service at a very reasonable price. that really is a pretty good summary of this restaurant. they had every aspect covered and it made for a great experience even when dining alone.as far as recommended choices on this great menu, the octopus dish is an absolute must try, as is the gnocchi. the bread is good but personally i wouldn't fill up with on it. their tomato, almond and crouton salad is wonderful and should be tried for sure. the jerusalem mix is very flavorful but didn't have enough meat for me and i had to pick it around a mountain of onions.the drinks are great! my favorite was the bumble bee, refreshing, flavorful and expertly made.loved this place! cool new israel restaurant. don't worry, they are liberal and even serve pork belly. some dishes taste a bit similar to each other, though. friendly staff. this addition to the west bank of chinatown is welcome! drinks, food, wonderful.i started with the red mamba cocktail (special), a mix of gin and whisky, which is served is a homemade parmigiano crouton. they recommend you alternate between both. i couldn't stop, finish the cocktail in 5 minutes. absolutely delicious.followed with the kubaneh, as an appetizer. it is a greatly individually baked pita bread loaf, v tahini and velvet tomatoes, to dip. wonderful, best tahini i've had, and the bread is fresher then fresh.i then completed with the gnocchi. far from the italian dish, the fried little potato bites we served over a wonderful mix of leaves, almonds and cheese. i come to london every two years or so, for business. i'll be back here, no doubt. the best meal i've had in london, perhaps in the past year. i'd give this a six if i could. everything was amazing. my favorites were the beet carpaccio, octo-hummous, and jerusalem mix - unbelievable. also tried the polenta - amazing. the shakshukit and aubergine were relatively less impressive but still incredible in "absolute" terms. ... the jerusalem mess was an incredible dessert.will definitely go again if i get a chance ... probably one of my best meal in london. it's not cheap, but it's really worth it.to start, the service was fantastic. the waiter explained us the menu in detail and also asked for any food allergies. when i told him i couldn't eat liquorice he went and check which dish might have some. very thorough.then the food. we ordered kubaneh to start (a sort of fluffy brioche) because the neighbour table had it. then our neighbour saw it on our table and order it, as did the table next to them.the kubaneh chain reaction. cod falafels, chicken liver, pulled lamb tagliatelle, deconstructed kebabs, everything was delicious. they also have an oyster bar (although we were too full to try them) amazing place, perfect for a date. i had lunch here on my birthday this year. having read glowing reviews from critics, i thought it was worth a try, especially as i hadn't had israeli food much before. it's cool to eat somewhere that has a branch in another countryi snagged a seat at the kitchen counter where i could watch the new chefs being put through their paces. my excellent waitress helped me to choose the right amount of foodi started with 2 oysters, topped with coriander, lemon and harissa oil. zingy and he briny oyster came through wellnext was shakshukit - a deconstructed kebab with yoghurt, tahini and 4 tops. i enjoyed this but wasn't sure the deconstruction added much to the flavour profilei was surprised to see pork belly on the menu - my waitress confirmed the restaurant wasn't fully kosher! the pork belly came with tagine, ras el hanout and dried apricot and israeli couscous. unfortunately, the belly was a little dryi finished off with malabi, a rose-scented milk pudding that the chef topped off with a birthday candlethere are so many more interesting sounding dishes on the menu that i want to go back and try we had the great pleasure of after-theater dining tapas-style at the palomar on the evening of april 10. cozy vibe, eclectic patrons and top notch service from alina (i hope i spelled her name correctly) and the most delicious and well-prepared food.like many folks, we started with the kubaneh - freshly baked bread with tahini and velvet tomato dips. i've never had tahini that was so silky in texture. omg. heaven from the first bite.we followed that with shakshukit, polenta jerusalem style and the josperised aubergine. all of them delicious and perfectly prepared.and did i mention the great service? :-) fabulous trendy little bar/restaurant in the heart of the west end serving a range of varied tapas style dishes based on mediterranean /middle eastern cuisine. food, service and atmosphere are excellent but you might have to queue to get in. the best meal i had on my recent trip to london. excellent cocktails, incredible food. don't miss the incredible polenta dish or the chopped liver appetizer (pure heaven)! perfect place to come before or after a show in soho. great mediterranean, israeli inspired food! had the pleasure of sitting at the kitchen bar and watched the chefs at work. lamb sweetbreads were phenomenal! highly recommended, go for lunch to beat the crowds. service matched the high quality of food. it's been awhile since we have been completed 'wowed' with great food! the first hurdle, was booking a table 3 weeks ahead. yes that's right, we had to book 3 weeks ahead for a table! that goes to show just how popular palomar is.the best way to describe the food at the palomar is: tapas, modern jerusalem style. why? because most of the items on the menu are little sharing plates. based on what we ate, they all compliment each other and you'll be amazed at how many different combinations you can form with the plates you ordered.we had:kubaneh (6.00) - this is a loaf of yemeni bread baked in a pot and it's served with a tahini and a tomato dipthe spicy experience (3.50) - this is a must order for you spicy fans! as the name suggests, it's a small plate of different kinds of spices:polenta jerusalem style (9.50) - hands down, the best polenta.fattoush salad (8.50) - a simple salad of tomato and cucumber with not so simple flavours! seasoned with za'atar, sumac, massive chunkcs of pita croutons and brazil nutsshakshukit (12.00) - described as a deconstructed kebab. layered minced meat, yoghurt, tahini, "the 4 tops" (which we think are the drizzles of different toppings) and yaeli's pita.pork belly tajine (17.00) - a super tender pork belly (with all the lovely fatty bits intact) with ras el hanout, dried apricots, dried fig and israeli couscous (giant cous cous). fish of the day (18.00) - the fish we had that day was cod. the cod was thickly cut and cooked perfectly - crispy skin and moist flesh. carrot cake (7.00) - this was said to be a must try if we went to palomar. the carrot cake itself was pretty traditional, having all the usual flavours (mixed spice, cinnamon, ginger).jerusalem mess (11.00) - the must have! if you know what an eton mess is, then this is the jewish equivalent - labneh mousse, almond crumble, strawberries, lemon cream, elderflower and apple jelly & fresh sorrel. the creamy mousse had a very subtle sweetnessit's definitely a must go if you visit london and really don't mind the price to have really awesome meal. definitely one of best we have eaten! everything we had was fantastic. the beetroot and goats cheese, with the beetroot in a half-way between cooked and turned-into-jam state, the hazlenuts and cheese slightly charred. and the fish casserole, with perfect fish in a tomato sauce (tho were warned it was spicy and it totally wasn't at all). and the pork tagine, which we were not warned was spicy and had a slight kick (well more than the fish did) and was probably the best thing of an everything-was-fabulous meal. it's not cheap and it's always busy. but it's worth the wait and the price we were sat at the bar, and the dishes came as they were ready, which is ideal because we got them freshly cooked. the guy serving us (omer) was great too, tho i feel he slightly misled us on portion size, on his advice we ended up ordering 4 small dishes and 2 large dishes for two people, and we were totally stuffed. but there's nothing i'd drop from that order, and we didn't have to finish it but we chose to, so it seems churlish to complain.  i ate at a lot of good places this trip to london, several of which were 5* worthy (foxlow, lahore one), but the palomar was the best. the vibe, the ambiance, the food and the venue are all great. the final two dishes of pork belly tagine and the jerusalem mess were delightful too. the pork was cooked well and as a tagine style dish, it is all about slow cooking. the glazed carrot and dry fruit were welcome friends to the pork and prevented the dish from becoming too samey. the final sweets, the jerusalem mess was a great surprise. the moose, the crumble and the sorrel were all so good. the crunch, the cold, the freshness and the sweetness most importantly made me absolutely stuffed. such a fabulous meal... i was a solo traveler and i was made feel right at home. the "bar" is certainly the best option, even if you are not a solo traveler but not good for more than 3, at most. make sure to make a reservation because it filled up fast. wtf! this place is way way better than you expect... i assure you. ambiance is simply epic. loud, but cool and friendly and simply welcoming. the food is outstanding. it really is. i expected this based on the reviews but damn... it's really good!! the open kitchen allows you to really see how everyone is, and the attitude is simply amazing... people love love working here. the drinks? wow they are also epic. not expected! i see the menu and what they offer and i was like 'errrrrrr is this a cocktail bar?'. overall... simply amazing. this is a 5 star all the way around! the perfect meal to end my last night in london! my party of two had reservations in the dining room for 9:30pm, but we were in the neighborhood early and they kindly sat us at the bar at 7:30pm. we were luckily enough to sit right in front of the head chef, which was an experience in itself. he was friendly and kept the conversation going with us all night! he gave us recommendations on what to order, and we were not disappointed! we ordered:- chef's nishnoush (4): a small starter which was mini. there was half a slice of pita to dip the accompanying sauces, but i would opt for the kubaneh instead if i was to pick a bread.- kubaneh (6): you must order this baked yemen bread in a pot! the bread is so soft and buttery, which melts in your mouth and is perfect to accompany all the dishes! - salmon tartare (9): the portion was actually very meager, and nothing too out of the ordinary. if you have tried salmon tartare before then this won't be anything too novel.- shashukit (12): a medley of minced meats with pita. it was very flavorful and one of my favorites! must-try!- polenta jerusalem style (9.5): i'm not a fan of polenta, but this was great! the added mushrooms and asparagus was a good balance to avoid making the dish too heavy! - pork belly tanjine (17): this dish was large in portion! the pork belly was melt in your mouth delicious! for a party of two, this was more than enough food. we were struggling to finish the food. the portions may be small, but the small amounts of food and the bread definitely fill you up! the palomar restaurant was our last stop in during our trip in london, and it turned out to be the perfect choice. this is definitely one of those restaurants where everything on the menu is very well-prepared, so it's hard to go wrong with any one particular dish.we ordered: - kubaneh: yemeni pot baked bread served with tahini & velvet tomatoes. great starter dish but make sure to share with at least one other person or else you'll be too full.- fattoush salad: tomato, cucumber, za'atar, sumac, challag croutons, brazil nuts and labneh. refreshing and balanced some of the richer dishes.- shakshukit: deconstructed kebab with minced beef & lamb, yoghurt, tahini, cured lemon & harissa. interesting concept and solid flavors, but didn't blow us away like the other dishes.- polenta jerusalem style with asparagus, mushroom ragout, parmesan & truffle oil. super rich and savory - would definitely order again.- gnocchi hamousta: fennel & leek cream, almonds & ricotta salata. unique dish that was well-prepared.- jerusalem mess: labneh mousse, almond crumble, strawberries, lemon cream & fresh sorrel. the perfect end to a wonderful meal!overall, each dish was amazing, but the combination of everything was a little too rich for us and we ended up a bit too full. if we went back, i would probably substitute the gnocchi or the shakshukit with a lighter dish. make sure to make reservations for this restaurant. i made reservations 3 weeks prior and a lot of the times were already booked. this is both one of the hottest and controversial restos for middle eastern food. barbary its slightly wallet friendlier sister resto seems to generate more consistent reviews. however, our experience for the quality of food certainly exceeded the superb experience we had at barbary. service was friendly as well. cannot make reservations other than for the noon and 5pm seating around the kitchen bar. there is a seating area beside the kitchen bar area which might be easier to score on a busy night. however, leave your name with hostess and they'll call you. while you wait to be called go have a nice glass of rioja at the mas q menos nearby in what is otherwise a touristy area. put my name down for two at 6:30pm and was seated at 7:10pm (they estimated 8pm). i waited outside but they took my number down in case i wanted to walk around.one selection from each type of food was a great amount for two people. the kubaneh and tzatziki were amazing. i didn't expect "bread and yogurt dip" to be so memorable: the bread was like a giant cinnamon roll (as in fluffy and spiraled) and the tzatziki was unlike anything i've had before. kind of tasted mustardy and had more character than other variations i've tried previously (which i enjoy but all blend together in my memory). my cousin and i were still eating it once the bread was gone. the beetroot carpaccio was underwhelming and we could have done without it. for the main course, we had the risotto special and polenta. both were savory, rich, and delicious. apps were definitely the star.the vibe of the restaurant was unique. it was cool sitting at the bar watching the kitchen and being served by the chefs. it was loud, but not hard to have a intelligible conversation. one weird thing was the dip/raw chef would taste the food and keep using the same spoon to mix the dish (and dishes after). maybe it's just me, but i think he should have been using clean spoons.overall really great experience. i'd recommend it, and i'd go back! my friend chose the palomar for one of her last meals in london before she went back to australia (sob.) i did really like the food, but i wouldn't rush back.we'd heard that you could easily grab a table by the bar without booking, so i arrived early to put our name down. the lady at the front said someone had just cancelled, so they had a free table a bit later. this was all good, but she made me give my credit card details, and told me she'd charge 80 (20 per head if we didn't show up.) that all seemed strange to me. she was basically telling me she'd just charged some poor soul 80 for not showing up, and that she'd have the same from us if we didn't show up too...even though this was only 1.5 hours notice. so...they seem really greedy - i basically decided i don't like the way they treat people before we even got to sit down!!later when we made it into the restaurant i was happier. it has a nice relaxing atmosphere and our waiter was really friendly. things i loved:- i probably shouldn't start with it, but the sorbet is amaaaazing. seriously, this might be one of the nicest possible ways to finish a good meal.- i loooved the tzatziki - it's just a dip, but their version was gorgeous. - i really liked the beetroot carpaccio.- the beets go prawns were nice too.less impressive:- after telling us we'd under-ordered and we should get another item we were encouraged to try the truffle polenta...but in they didn't bother bringing it. in the end they brought it out after we'd finished everything else, but the flavours were just a bit too strong to eat it alone. meh. i wasn't keen at all.- octo-humus was also a bit of a disappointment. i love octopus when it is good, but this just wasn't fresh enough. ah well. - we were really squished in!! we had 3 people on a table for four, but it was pretty cramped. - there was also a chilly draft, even right at the back of the restaurant. outstanding middle eastern cuisine, in a unique setting with wonderful service at a very reasonable price. that really is a pretty good summary of this restaurant. they had every aspect covered and it made for a great experience even when dining alone.as far as recommended choices on this great menu, the octopus dish is an absolute must try, as is the gnocchi. the bread is good but personally i wouldn't fill up with on it. their tomato, almond and crouton salad is wonderful and should be tried for sure. the jerusalem mix is very flavorful but didn't have enough meat for me and i had to pick it around a mountain of onions.the drinks are great! my favorite was the bumble bee, refreshing, flavorful and expertly made.loved this place! cool new israel restaurant. don't worry, they are liberal and even serve pork belly. some dishes taste a bit similar to each other, though. friendly staff. this addition to the west bank of chinatown is welcome! drinks, food, wonderful.i started with the red mamba cocktail (special), a mix of gin and whisky, which is served is a homemade parmigiano crouton. they recommend you alternate between both. i couldn't stop, finish the cocktail in 5 minutes. absolutely delicious.followed with the kubaneh, as an appetizer. it is a greatly individually baked pita bread loaf, v tahini and velvet tomatoes, to dip. wonderful, best tahini i've had, and the bread is fresher then fresh.i then completed with the gnocchi. far from the italian dish, the fried little potato bites we served over a wonderful mix of leaves, almonds and cheese. i come to london every two years or so, for business. i'll be back here, no doubt. the best meal i've had in london, perhaps in the past year. i'd give this a six if i could. everything was amazing. my favorites were the beet carpaccio, octo-hummous, and jerusalem mix - unbelievable. also tried the polenta - amazing. the shakshukit and aubergine were relatively less impressive but still incredible in "absolute" terms. ... the jerusalem mess was an incredible dessert.will definitely go again if i get a chance ... probably one of my best meal in london. it's not cheap, but it's really worth it.to start, the service was fantastic. the waiter explained us the menu in detail and also asked for any food allergies. when i told him i couldn't eat liquorice he went and check which dish might have some. very thorough.then the food. we ordered kubaneh to start (a sort of fluffy brioche) because the neighbour table had it. then our neighbour saw it on our table and order it, as did the table next to them.the kubaneh chain reaction. cod falafels, chicken liver, pulled lamb tagliatelle, deconstructed kebabs, everything was delicious. they also have an oyster bar (although we were too full to try them) amazing place, perfect for a date. i had lunch here on my birthday this year. having read glowing reviews from critics, i thought it was worth a try, especially as i hadn't had israeli food much before. it's cool to eat somewhere that has a branch in another countryi snagged a seat at the kitchen counter where i could watch the new chefs being put through their paces. my excellent waitress helped me to choose the right amount of foodi started with 2 oysters, topped with coriander, lemon and harissa oil. zingy and he briny oyster came through wellnext was shakshukit - a deconstructed kebab with yoghurt, tahini and 4 tops. i enjoyed this but wasn't sure the deconstruction added much to the flavour profilei was surprised to see pork belly on the menu - my waitress confirmed the restaurant wasn't fully kosher! the pork belly came with tagine, ras el hanout and dried apricot and israeli couscous. unfortunately, the belly was a little dryi finished off with malabi, a rose-scented milk pudding that the chef topped off with a birthday candlethere are so many more interesting sounding dishes on the menu that i want to go back and try	0	0	0	0	0
 hands down--wow! my husband and i were in london on vacation for 10 days. we were staying in the covent garden area and went to savoir faire for dinner one evening. easily the best meal we had in london (yet nowhere near the most expensive). we hit some big name restaurants and none of the cooking was as spot on as savoir faire. the preparations were beautiful and delicious. savoir faire is a small, unpretentious, neighborhood restaurant. it is casual and comfortable, but the food is the epitome of french style. we had a very affordable bottle of chateaudeuf-du-pape. i have to admit that i have forgotten after a almost a month away from home what we had for a starter. we both ordered chicken for dinner. it was moist and delicious with a wonderful array of vegetables, perfectly prepared. we shared a dessert. everything was perfect. this is the restaurant i will be talking about and recommending to anyone i know heading to london. it is small, so make a reservation, but it is a must try. maybe i was just unlucky, ordering the wrong dish... i couldn't eat more than half - it tasted weird. the bread had little gnats flying on it too and was too hard, like it'd been cut up hours before. i like the ambience of the place though, and the waitress, though she seemed stressed. i hope she gets a vacation or something good soon. a cute spot to grab good food and a drink or two.i enjoyed the aperol spritz. it wasn't too bitter and it was refreshing. the bread you get with dinner is nice and soft. it's served with oil for dipping.for dinner i ordered a mixed greens salad and the vegetarian tagine. the mixed greens (smallish) included frilly greens, a few slices of tomato and a creamy dressing. it was alright. the tagine was pretty good though. it included cooked carrots and apricots in a flavorful sauce with mint over couscous. i just wish there were a few more different veggies in there. my sister ordered the large vegetarian butternut squash and goat cheese green salad. it was super flavorful and the portion was generous. she also ordered the fries (chips), which were a little thinner than i normally like but not bad. i do like how there are several vegetarian options.our waitress was pleasant and helpful. the decor is fun and nice. i enjoyed the quotes written on the ceiling.if i come back to london i would visit savoir faire again. my friend and i had a late lunch here around 2:30 pm on a beautiful sunday afternoon. we came from the british museum, which was just a short walk away. it was fairly empty at the time, so we had our pick of indoor and outdoor seating; we picked a small table inside, right by a window, and got a nice view of the street and nearby buildings. there was also plenty of seating, as well as toilets, downstairs, although no one was sitting downstairs because it was so sunny outside (the downstairs area was quite dark but would probably be cozy in the evenings). we were greeted promptly by our server.both of us ordered the butternut squash and goat cheese salad (my friend is a vegetarian). the food came out pretty quickly. i was pleased with how generous they were with the toppings; they had completely covered the greens with goat cheese, sliced nuts, and squash. the salad came with dressing on, but i'm sure you could ask for it on the side. it was really tasty; there might actually have been too much cheese, but as goat cheese is my favorite, i was pretty happy with it. the salads came with 1 basket of bread that we split; we wound up ordering more, since there wasn't that much in the 1st basket. the bread was accompanied by some seasoned olive oil, which also had sesame seeds in; it was pretty addicting for me as a bread lover. however, as it was a french restaurant, i was expecting the bread to be better; it was good, but i wasn't as blown away as i have been at some other french/italian/spanish restaurants.for dessert we split (well, i had 75% of it) a pear tarte tatin (when asked, the server informed us the dessert special of the day was mango sorbet). the tarte was a good size and really tasty; it was served warm. if my friend had been hungrier, i would've wanted to order 2 desserts, as the tarte wasn't really big enough to split equally between 2 people (although i have a big appetite so your mileage may vary).the restaurant had a great atmosphere and a nice view of the street. we were allowed to take our time and weren't bothered much by anyone throughout our leisurely meal. the facilities and tables were clean. the ceiling was decorated with some humorous sayings, so look up if you visit. our meal came out to be about 15/person, including 1 glass of wine, 1 dessert, and an extra basket of bread. i really enjoyed my lunch here and would happily return if i'm ever in the area again. so. good. i've been for lunch a couple of times and simply cannot fault this place. the service is exceptional and they are even accommodating when i have a baby with me. the food can take a while to come out but when it's as good as it is here, i can't complain. the lunch deal is a steal. the staff are incredible. thank you. this quaint little french restaurant was one of my favorites that i had visited in london. the food is authentically mouthwatering, not to mention for a great price. the staff was exceptionally nice. the whole evening was elegant, unpretentious, and definitely something i'd like to repeat. flawless! very clean (although small) tables, toilets, and nice service. had lunch combo for 14+ it actually charges me 16+ maybe for the service fee. the combo comes with a starter+entre or entre+dessert, either way you like. i have the soup of the day for starter, which is chicken vegetables soup. it was really good. the soup is neither too salty nor greasy, with lentil, carrot, and some other veggies. i ordered fish soup for entre and i think it would be better if they can squeeze more lemon juice in it. the carafe and water glasses are not very clean though. but the bread is superb. my boyfriend ordered lamb kidney for starter and duck leg for entre, he said it was flavorless but i think they are okay. this cafe would be good for you if you are looking for some delicate food with light flavor, and also, if you have enough time since the waiting time is a little long than i have expected. this was the best meal my wife & i had in london. we arrived just after lunch service had ended (after a long day of wandering around the british museum) and were still able to order off the lunch menu. we had the restaurant to ourselves for a little while and we felt welcome and very comfortable in the cozy and inviting dining room.my wife had the steak and brie baguette with onions and horseradish mayonnaise and i had the steak frites. both of our meals were simply amazing. i followed it off with some chocolate mousse which was the best mouse i have had since my last visit to paris last year.this restaurant should be a must stop for anyone in this part of london. this is the worst restaurant in london. we have the worst experienced, the receptionist lady is very rude and un accommodative, she showed us a table and prepare the table just wiping it with wet clothes and sat the utensils down on the wet table, so dirty we are very shocked by her action. the whole place looks really dirty and unhealthy i was looking forward to this meal due to the strong reviews...however i was disappointed. to start, i ordered the grilled figs with blue cheese and mint. the figs were neither grilled nor was there mint. in fact the figs were raw and cold. for my main entree, i ordered their honey glazed duck with red wine jus. while the flavors were good, the duck was way over cooked by french standards. if you order the duck you must you must clarify that you want it medium rare. this place is indeed an affordable french gourmet restaurant. they have a 24 3 course meal deal that is very good value for money! usually when you choose a set menu you get very limited choices but this place has so much to chose from it was hard to pick just one! as a starter i had the chicken liver which was really yummy. as a main i had the beef bourguignon which was really tasty. we ended the meal with a chocolate mousse which was good. the service was really good. our waitress was very friendly and made great recommendations when asked. the place is a bit tight and if you sit downstairs it is windowless. i would definitely go again and highly recommend this place! this is an amazingly affordable french restaurant with a set menu which include (joy!) a good selection of vegetarian options. the interior is cosy (but there is a downstairs eating area in the basement as well) and slightly 'shabby-chic' (which extends to the cutlery and glassware as well).the main event is the food: the two course menu is 24, but there is a cheaper vegetarian menu as well. desserts are 5.90. for the price, in this area of london, it represents fabulous value, as the quality is very good, mostly in the classic french style.on two recent visits, service was very good - friendly but unobtrusive, and they made a real effort to seta us when they were busy one evening.i shall be back. this restaurant is a true gem! loved the food and service. i highly recommend this place.the steak was delicious as well as the bouillabaisse. if you are in the area i would definitely try it out!! with a quiet and quaint atmosphere, this restaurant provided genuine french cuisine. the christmas menu provided only a few dinner options and only 3-4 alcoholic drinks to choose from. of the small amount of choices, the food was savory. the price was on the heavy side of what usually is attributed to this restaurant (due to the holiday limitations). the staff was friendly and made accommodations for canceling an order midway through our meal when one of our diners decided they weren't hungry (no charge). food was not amazing. just ok. we were looking for true french cuisine but this was pretty plain. i really like this restaurant, the food is amazing and the service is friendly. the prices are reasonable and the decor and atmosphere are both great. the waiter when we were there personally recommended one of the wines, and it was lovely to see some of the diners chatting to each other at different tables, like it's a place to be socialable and actually talk to other people - something which is very special when you see it in london. i couldn't give this restaurant a higher rating though because of its 2 star hygiene rating by camden council, i don't really understand why such an otherwise amazing restaurant would take such a lax attitude to food satety but it isn't a good sign. hopefully they'll take it on board and try to improve as it's otherwise a wonderful independent restaurant in central london, a welcome alternative to so many identikit chains. excellent food and very close to british museum. this place serves the best french food in london for the price. two course meal for about 23, might sound like a lot but the quality is excellent. the goose appetizer and lamb were the meal for me and it was delicious. service can be very slow especially if you sit downstairs but the food compensated for it. this french gem is flawless. food deserves a michelin star for its high quality preparation and presentation. the service is also peerless. staff is friendly and amicable. what else can be said---we've eaten here twice for dinner and once for lunch in just the last week. i can and would eat here daily if i could. if you enjoy a high standard like i do, this shiny little bauble is for you! magnifique! london has so many great places to eat, but this place stands out for its quality sure, but the vibe is also great, no pretense, just fine food at great prices. feels like a local parisian bistro. go! inaptly named. nice food, poor service. in a restaurant w few people folks itching to get their bill. food was tasty, especially chocolate mousse, and good price, just slow and hard to get attention w service we went without booking, but the waitress so kindly helped us get a table instead of just turning us away. through the dinner, service was top notch, and i really appreciated it -- never take it for granted! food was solid as well. i had pork belly, which was very flavourful and rich together with the pure. my bf ordered foie gras as starter, which was probably one of the best i ever had. absolutely adored the ambience -- very artsy and cozy at the same time. great lighting and perfect for dates. would love to go back soon! hands down--wow! my husband and i were in london on vacation for 10 days. we were staying in the covent garden area and went to savoir faire for dinner one evening. easily the best meal we had in london (yet nowhere near the most expensive). we hit some big name restaurants and none of the cooking was as spot on as savoir faire. the preparations were beautiful and delicious. savoir faire is a small, unpretentious, neighborhood restaurant. it is casual and comfortable, but the food is the epitome of french style. we had a very affordable bottle of chateaudeuf-du-pape. i have to admit that i have forgotten after a almost a month away from home what we had for a starter. we both ordered chicken for dinner. it was moist and delicious with a wonderful array of vegetables, perfectly prepared. we shared a dessert. everything was perfect. this is the restaurant i will be talking about and recommending to anyone i know heading to london. it is small, so make a reservation, but it is a must try. maybe i was just unlucky, ordering the wrong dish... i couldn't eat more than half - it tasted weird. the bread had little gnats flying on it too and was too hard, like it'd been cut up hours before. i like the ambience of the place though, and the waitress, though she seemed stressed. i hope she gets a vacation or something good soon. a cute spot to grab good food and a drink or two.i enjoyed the aperol spritz. it wasn't too bitter and it was refreshing. the bread you get with dinner is nice and soft. it's served with oil for dipping.for dinner i ordered a mixed greens salad and the vegetarian tagine. the mixed greens (smallish) included frilly greens, a few slices of tomato and a creamy dressing. it was alright. the tagine was pretty good though. it included cooked carrots and apricots in a flavorful sauce with mint over couscous. i just wish there were a few more different veggies in there. my sister ordered the large vegetarian butternut squash and goat cheese green salad. it was super flavorful and the portion was generous. she also ordered the fries (chips), which were a little thinner than i normally like but not bad. i do like how there are several vegetarian options.our waitress was pleasant and helpful. the decor is fun and nice. i enjoyed the quotes written on the ceiling.if i come back to london i would visit savoir faire again. my friend and i had a late lunch here around 2:30 pm on a beautiful sunday afternoon. we came from the british museum, which was just a short walk away. it was fairly empty at the time, so we had our pick of indoor and outdoor seating; we picked a small table inside, right by a window, and got a nice view of the street and nearby buildings. there was also plenty of seating, as well as toilets, downstairs, although no one was sitting downstairs because it was so sunny outside (the downstairs area was quite dark but would probably be cozy in the evenings). we were greeted promptly by our server.both of us ordered the butternut squash and goat cheese salad (my friend is a vegetarian). the food came out pretty quickly. i was pleased with how generous they were with the toppings; they had completely covered the greens with goat cheese, sliced nuts, and squash. the salad came with dressing on, but i'm sure you could ask for it on the side. it was really tasty; there might actually have been too much cheese, but as goat cheese is my favorite, i was pretty happy with it. the salads came with 1 basket of bread that we split; we wound up ordering more, since there wasn't that much in the 1st basket. the bread was accompanied by some seasoned olive oil, which also had sesame seeds in; it was pretty addicting for me as a bread lover. however, as it was a french restaurant, i was expecting the bread to be better; it was good, but i wasn't as blown away as i have been at some other french/italian/spanish restaurants.for dessert we split (well, i had 75% of it) a pear tarte tatin (when asked, the server informed us the dessert special of the day was mango sorbet). the tarte was a good size and really tasty; it was served warm. if my friend had been hungrier, i would've wanted to order 2 desserts, as the tarte wasn't really big enough to split equally between 2 people (although i have a big appetite so your mileage may vary).the restaurant had a great atmosphere and a nice view of the street. we were allowed to take our time and weren't bothered much by anyone throughout our leisurely meal. the facilities and tables were clean. the ceiling was decorated with some humorous sayings, so look up if you visit. our meal came out to be about 15/person, including 1 glass of wine, 1 dessert, and an extra basket of bread. i really enjoyed my lunch here and would happily return if i'm ever in the area again. so. good. i've been for lunch a couple of times and simply cannot fault this place. the service is exceptional and they are even accommodating when i have a baby with me. the food can take a while to come out but when it's as good as it is here, i can't complain. the lunch deal is a steal. the staff are incredible. thank you. this quaint little french restaurant was one of my favorites that i had visited in london. the food is authentically mouthwatering, not to mention for a great price. the staff was exceptionally nice. the whole evening was elegant, unpretentious, and definitely something i'd like to repeat. flawless! very clean (although small) tables, toilets, and nice service. had lunch combo for 14+ it actually charges me 16+ maybe for the service fee. the combo comes with a starter+entre or entre+dessert, either way you like. i have the soup of the day for starter, which is chicken vegetables soup. it was really good. the soup is neither too salty nor greasy, with lentil, carrot, and some other veggies. i ordered fish soup for entre and i think it would be better if they can squeeze more lemon juice in it. the carafe and water glasses are not very clean though. but the bread is superb. my boyfriend ordered lamb kidney for starter and duck leg for entre, he said it was flavorless but i think they are okay. this cafe would be good for you if you are looking for some delicate food with light flavor, and also, if you have enough time since the waiting time is a little long than i have expected. this was the best meal my wife & i had in london. we arrived just after lunch service had ended (after a long day of wandering around the british museum) and were still able to order off the lunch menu. we had the restaurant to ourselves for a little while and we felt welcome and very comfortable in the cozy and inviting dining room.my wife had the steak and brie baguette with onions and horseradish mayonnaise and i had the steak frites. both of our meals were simply amazing. i followed it off with some chocolate mousse which was the best mouse i have had since my last visit to paris last year.this restaurant should be a must stop for anyone in this part of london. this is the worst restaurant in london. we have the worst experienced, the receptionist lady is very rude and un accommodative, she showed us a table and prepare the table just wiping it with wet clothes and sat the utensils down on the wet table, so dirty we are very shocked by her action. the whole place looks really dirty and unhealthy i was looking forward to this meal due to the strong reviews...however i was disappointed. to start, i ordered the grilled figs with blue cheese and mint. the figs were neither grilled nor was there mint. in fact the figs were raw and cold. for my main entree, i ordered their honey glazed duck with red wine jus. while the flavors were good, the duck was way over cooked by french standards. if you order the duck you must you must clarify that you want it medium rare.	0	1	1	0	1
 i think this may just be my favourite place in london. i'm a huge fan of avocado toast and don't mind paying for it. i've spent more $ in america on avocado toast and let me tell you, if you do decide to give it a whirl here, it is divine. perfectly seasoned, a piled high on a really soft base. i love it and i miss it dearly. it seems ridiculous to write a review based on one dish but that is how much i miss it here. my sister also enjoyed her breakfast and tea. i can't recall what she had but it was a lovely granola or something of the sort. we also couldn't take our eyes off the spectacular details in the room. the decor is so beautiful and the service was honestly outstanding. everyone was so kind and amazing in general. we would gladly return. our only regret is not going back again before leaving london. the wolseley is a wonderful atmosphere for any meal, but an early sunday morning breakfast here seemed an especially appropriate way to start the day.i started with a flat white coffee, which was exceptional. i ordered another. the french toast, pancakes, eggs and sausage were all good, not exceptional. i had a bloody mary as well, which was just okay.atmosphere: 5 out of 5 -- one of the best settings for an early sunday morning brunch that we've experienced.food: 4 out of 5 -- coffee was exceptional. the rest of the food was good, not great.service: 3 out of 5 -- there was a change in shifts/table assignment during our meal. our table got lost and we were left unattended for a solid 30 to 40 minutes, until i finally caught the eye of another server. we had the full afternoon tea here, and it was a great experience. the scones, the pastries, the tea, the service, the traditional ambiance... all impeccable. i wasn't a huge fan of the sandwiches on the bottom of the high tea spread, but to each their own.our servers were all extremely attentive and refilled our tea just as soon as it was emptied. we took a fancy to the little silver strainer that came with the pot of tea, and our server did research on where we could acquire one of our own. if you want a traditional high tea in a classy traditional setting, this is about as good as it gets. mind you, there is a premium associated with the pomp and circumstance, but you aren't just paying for scones and tea, you are paying for an experience. one of the more affordable afternoon tea venues in central london. their afternoon tea packages are about a fraction of the ones at the ritz around the corner. their tea sandwiches are awesome, along with their sweet pastries. tea was wonderful as well. i was somewhat excited to come to london and try all the different afternoon tea locations that were recommend but this one was absolutely the worse. first they couldn't find my reservation. than after being seating in the rear by the restrooms door, we were totally forgotten. after being served the waiter kind of turned his nose up at us and offered sandwiches when i came for the afternoon tea. he was very uninterested in serving us, didn't explain the menu, when we asked for a recommendation for a tea he was like well tea is tea. after taking our order we never saw him again. another waiter saw how bad our service was and took over. honestly i usually don't recommend other locations on a restaurants review but one is better off going to the afternoon tea at the langham (palm court) much better. great atmosphere and charm. pancakes were dense.. but that seems to be a london commonality. coffee was perfect, my avocado toast was amazing. high tea at the wolseley is exactly what you'd expect. it's posh and walking into the building with sharp dressed staff surely gives that sense of "class". the building and interior are beautiful, no doubt. the entire experience overall, however, doesn't quite live up to the hype. some of the staff have a sense of entitlement and i got the "oh you're american" vibe. some of the staff were amazing. the tea was neither amazing nor horrible. it was pleasant to drink. the food as well was pretty good overall. would have liked to get a macaron on our tray but what can you do. we wanted to do an all out tea while in london and this was what it was. great venue and decent fare but i'm sure there are just as good high tea options for a fraction of the cost. ehhhhh skippable.the wolseley is known for their afternoon/high tea, but if their breakfast is any indication of their afternoon tea, then definitely pass on this program.i was interested in the history of wolseley, my family has a thing for history and cars, and this used to be an automobile showroom in the 1920's, which is pretty cool. the 2000's refurbished wolsely itself is nice to look at but strangely unmemorable. if you do end up going, you may see what i mean.we made 7am breakfast reservations before my flight back home. we arrived a few minutes prior and were seated by a host that greeted us, who then dug into his computer - without saying another word to us. we awkwardly stood there before he decided that it was okay to seat - or look - at us. their baked goods are made in-house, from croissants to brioche, it's done here. they are set in tables in the middle of the rooms - to showcase them. in a place that charges for butter, then it better have something to look at, right? oh, you read that right: they charge for butter when you order toast (which does not come with any meal, and is a cost by itself.) and the marmalade/curd/chocolate spread for the toast (or baguette, in our case) was an additional charge. i was surprised that they didn't charge me for the napkin. for the record, i wouldn't say that i throw money around but when it comes to food.... but i'll admit that's where i spend my money. this, was a waste of money. my husband ordered coffee with milk, and i ordered an americano. the americano came out in a pot, which was unfortunate because the coffee was bitter (?) so i had a lot of bitter coffee. we looked through the menu, him choosing the gruyere omelet (zero accoutrements like bread, fruit, or starch) while i chose the florentine (spinach) eggs benedict for myself (again, no accoutrements.) they have two sizes, one regular and one large, 12.50 and 20.00 respectively. dang, i thought. that must be one helluva benedict. i ordered the large one, not really sure knowing what it meant.i'll save you the suspense and tell you what a large benedict here is: it's whole untoasted room temperature english muffins (not cut in halves) with the poached egg, spinach, and hollandaise sauce on top -- making it way too bready on each bite. the hollandaise was good, as was the egg and spinach.the service was robotic and charmless. not formal/informal/rude/polite -- literally robotic in manner and voice.i'm bummed that this was my last meal before leaving london. as i told my husband: i chose poorly :( 55 gbp i'll never get back.. i had brunch there with my boyfriend. i ordered the famous pancake with berries andq my boyfriend ordered the english breakfast. service and food were both good but didn't meet my expectation of the great standard. came here super early to avoid the queue and the food is very underwhelming. price is pretty steep while food is just mediocre. service is rather slow as well.definitely another overhyped tourist trap. wouldn't come back again for sure the wolseley sits atop the list of timeless london restaurants. located in the heart of piccadilly, this european caf is known not only for its classic menu, but also for its lavish venetian decor. here, you can order pretty much everything from a simple bowl of yoghurt to an unnecessarily extravagant caviar omelette. because you pay a premium for the ambiance and dining experience, food runs quite pricey. reservations are recommended, even though they're open for basically the entire day. just goes to show how popular this place is.// eggs benedict (9.25 small / 18 large) - 4 starsif someone asked me what a quintessential eggs benny looked like, i would use a picture of this dish. you have your perfectly poached egg, creamy hollandaise sauce, fresh ham slices, and toasted english muffin.// bavette steak (19.50) - 4 starsour waiter mentioned that this steak is only served with medium doneness. although the flap is generally a pretty tough cut, i thought they did a good job of preserving its tenderness. the barnaise sauce added a nice rich flavor as well. served with a side of pommes frites and gem heart salad. i was absolutely delighted and impressed with the afternoon tea service at the wolsley! my friends and i had made reservations months in advance to make sure we got to experience this place during our stay in london and we were not disappointed!this is one of the quintessential places to go for a classic tea service. the ambiance is elegant without feeling pretentious. the service we received was excellent and professional, our server took time to explain recommendations and made sure we were thoroughly enjoying everything. we had so much fun dressing up and sharing delicious tea, scones, tea sandwiches, and mini pastries. to top it all off we had champagne and a chocolate dessert.i only wish i could have tried their breakfast, lunch and dinner offerings! my last meal in london at the wolseley was an absolutely delightful experience. one thing i wanted to try during my visit was a "full english breakfast" - and from my research, the wolseley came highly regarded as a london breakfast institution.i woke up early just so i could make the trek to picadilly and be there right when they opened. i was seated immediately and was impressed by... well, everything. the servers and hosts were all extremely polite and carried themselves professionally. the interior of the restaurant was posh, elegant, and refined. the atmosphere was casual, yet formal enough for both tourists and business people alike to enjoy their friday breakfasts. it just felt so... well, classically british, i suppose, haha.i ordered a green tea and the "wolseley full english." again, service was impeccable. the tea came out in a special silver serving platter with its own tea strainer. fancy! the full english breakfast came out soon after and i couldn't wait to tuck in.as an american, we hear tales of the legendary "full english breakfast" - hearty, heavy meals meant to be enjoyed at a local greasy spoon after a late night out rather than in a fine dining establishment. and maybe that's true. but the wolseley version blew me away. i didn't think it was possible to really "elevate" eggs, bacon, and sausage - but they did. the scrambled eggs were uber rich and creamy. the portabello mushroom was perfectly grilled and absolutely juicy. the sausage was meaty yet tender, with a nice subtle sweetness to it. my favorite was the black pudding - i'd never had this before and was eager to try it, and i loved every bite. it was rich, flavorful, and sweeter than i imagined it would be - but it worked perfectly. i wish more (or really, any) breakfast establishments in the usa had black pudding on their menus, because i would order it every time!despite the heaviness of the meal, the wolseley version of the full english somehow felt "light." i'm not saying it was a healthy meal - after all, it had bacon, sausage, and probably an ungodly amount of butter and cream in those delicious scrambled eggs. but it's a credit to the wolseley that i ate that whole dang plate and still felt pretty good about it after.overall: 5/5. i see why the wolseley is so highly regarded. excellent atmosphere, service, and an amazing full english breakfast. i'm so glad that i had the chance to experience this during my trip to london, and the next time i come back i will definitely return again. we booked a reservation for afternoon tea here several months in advance. unlike the ritz, here you can order afternoon tea or something else from the menu. this works well if some in your party want the afternoon tea while others don't. the tea set is served in a traditional 3 tiered plate setting. it comes with several finger sandwiches, scones, mini pastries and a pot of tea. the tea was very good and was served in a large pot. i ordered the earl grey tea and wow, they used so many tea leaves! the flavor really comes through. they also give you a small strainer so that when you pour out the tea, it strains the leaves. our server refilled our pot with hot water (complimentary) and the flavor was still strong. the scones were to die for! it was so buttery, flakey and soft all at the same time. they were not dry like the scones i've had in the us. the pastries were good too. our server didn't mind bringing me more after others in my party "stole" my pastries! i also enjoyed the sandwiches though they were very small. we also ordered chicken and dumplings soup. don't get this. it was a bowl of broth with some dough. there was no chicken or anything else in it. the flavor was really weird too.the burger was cooked very rare even though we ordered it medium. we sent it back but it still came back soaking red.overall, i really enjoyed the afternoon tea here. the earl grey tea here was the best i've ever had. a very nice and classic cafe in london, pricey but the decoration and the food worth it!i came here for breakfast with my mum on a weekend morning. we loved the art deco and oriental atmosphere. the breakfast menu is big, classic with some original meals.we ordered cappuccino with grapefruit juice for the drinks then, a pastry basket and a caramelized grapefruit to share. my mum had the crispy bacon roll with fried egg and i had the french toasts with blueberries. it was really good and well displayed. we had a lovely time there. the pastries were delicious and my french toasts were perfect !my advise is to book a table for breakfast because the place is really trendy and you may have to wait if you're walking in without reservation. i don't do many five-star reviews, but this place hits on all cylinders, and then some. food, atmosphere, location, value and maybe most of all, servicethere was a situation (not important) that happened in the restaurant the night we were there, and the management personally took care that every single patron was satisfied and taken care of. all the waitstaff were amazing. the food was amazing. i highly recommend the pork chop, three of us got it and we all loved it. perfectly cooked, thick and perfectly cookedwine list is very good, and reasonably priced compared to a typical restaurant markupit's beautiful inside. i will be spending a lot of time in london this summer and plan to come back here every visit! place is lovely for atmosphere. the food was good but not outstanding. i had the lobster and my friend had the fish of the day. service was great. breakfast in london was a-okmr chose the cheese omelette & it was delish. very fluffy & a ton of cheese ( in a good way! )i chose the french toast. it was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside - almost like it had been deep-fried......and saturated in a sugar syrupcoffee was god awfulservice was incredible - very friendly & joking, even with the posers who were sitting beside us & putting on makeup at the table, ignoring the waiter while he tried to speak with them, demanding dessert when it was not on the breakfast menu.....he handled it like a pro!overall? did not hate breakfast & would come back...... but would probably try somewhere else first. and skip the coffee!! you can't go wrong with the wolseley. sure it is a london institution but that is with good reason. all is always right with the world at the wolseley - better than tiffany's! i am a big fan of their breakfasts. the menu is wide and varied - although i always order the same thing - smoked salmon and boiled eggs. the ingredient quality is fabulous so the simpler the better so the taste shines through. the biggest attraction here though is the amazing atmosphere and the big room itself. i always feel like i am in some fantastic 50s movie when i walk in and that audrey hepburn could be at the next table. the staff are always friendly and the service always good. solid food but nothing mind blowing. i would not say this is a must try place. i've come here twice for breakfast this trip and both times i've walked away kind of meh about the food and experience. had the eggs benedict the first time - it was good, very fresh eggs! (although one of mine was over cooked) ordered the large which is the normal portion size but it's much more filling because the muffin they use is quite thick and heavy (didn't love it) - for sure could have gotten away with a small that day. also had a cappuccino which was nothing great (travel tip: go to monmouth for the best cappuccino you may have ever had. they said best coffee in london but it may have been my best ever. it def. put up a challenge for even cappuccino in italy!) the next visit i had the french toast and my bf had the crispy bacon roll with fried egg. mine was just whatever - nothing to write home about but not bad. my bf really liked his sandwich - i tried it - it was good but again - nothing special. to drink i had the hot chocolate with whipped cream which looked amazing but again, fell short for me. also the second time around the service was kind of whatever. the first time was fine though. both days we did not have a reservation, we were able to just go in and be seated. the pastries at the wolseley are absolutely delicious - i had the battenburg cake, the chocolate cake and tea and i was extremely proud of both my choices!i was there during the holiday season so it was rather busy! i probably read over 100 restaurant reviews and asked local friends for their recommendations before deciding where to eat when i was in london in november. hands down the #1 recommendation was always the wolseley. everything was impeccable from the reception staff who accommodated a table change, to the knowledgeable server, who never made us feel rushed, to the iconic and stately interior to the food, which was cooked to perfection.i had a large salad nicoise and my friend had the wiener schnitzel and french fries. everything was cooked to perfection and washed down with a gorgeous bottle of bordeaux. in fact, we enjoyed the place so much that we returned later in the afternoon for another bottle of wine.i would highly recommend the wolseley and will make a point of dinning there every time i am in london. very classy and expensive place, but they deserve their good reputation. atmosphere is great, beautiful decor and attentive staff. last, but not least, the food is really good with a very varied choice. looking forward to returning. gorgeous interior in a historic spot. come for high tea and enjoy the pampering. come as you are- it seemed to be a pretty mixed bag of people, but it looked like mostly tourists.high tea is 27.50gbp per person. tip: if you're two people, just get one to share. don't get two like us. it's nice because of the variety, and if you accidentally get two, you just get more of each item, which is not that exciting.high tea comes with:- 2 fruit scones, freshly baked with clotted cream and strawberry jam- 3 dessert pastries (ex: battenburg cake, passionfruit tart, cheescake)- 5 finger sandwiches (chicken tarragon, egg, cucumber, smoked salmon, sundried tomato)- choice of teaservice is slow, so try to carve out some time to enjoy.make your reservation online beforehand for no wait. i love this place!!!i am a classless american and came in not super nice clothes. if i had more control over my wardrobe (aka, not trying to pack a week's worth of clothes into a small carry-on), i would wear nicer clothes because this place is super cute. you won't be turned away, though! they even have a doorman who is super nice! it would be easier if you make a reservation if possible, but can be on standby and still make your way in for high tea. i loved the high tea. boyfriend and i had this recommended to us by boyfriend's cousin, and we went all out on the full high tea: tea, scones, desserts, finger sandwiches....love. it was so beautifully served and everything was delicious. the venue is lovely and beautiful and impressive. service is nice as well. everything is served beautifully, with lovely dishware to intricately made food. the scones are great and the clotted cream...cmon america. you've been making terrible decisions lately (i mean, we just found out trump is president...are you kidding me), but we can make 1 step of progress by bringing around scones and clotted cream. this was one of my favorite experiences in london. do yourself a favor and check it out. it's a little pricey imo (about $35 each when i went, which i understand changes with the exchange rates, etc), but 100% worth it! such a wonderful experience of having afternoon tea at the wolsley. it was recommended by a friend that lived in london. what a gem!highly recommend to friends and family.i walked in without reservations and the host was so gracious. we were here for their well known breakfast. the food was good, service was great, and room amazing.visited september 2016 amazing place to get afternoon tea while in london. beautiful place just to sit, relax and catch up with friends. tea and food were both delicious. reservation is recommended to ensure getting a table. great location with green park and buckingham palace nearby to help walk off the meal afterwards. the only negative part was our server disappeared on us so it was hard to ask for anything from anyone because the place was busy. it was a good thing that we were not in a hurry. still a great place to check out and worth a visit. i came here for breakfast with some friends. the pastries are fresh and the avocado open faced sandwich was my favourite. the eggs benedict is a great choice but portions are small.tea time will set you back 25 or so.lots of tourists and expats (myself included) on our last day in london, we asked our hotel concierge for a good brunch place and he pointed us to wolseley. the location is central and the decor is elegant and stately (very british). we waited briefly at the bar before getting seated. service was good and fast. the reason i gave it 4 vs 5 is that the food is just ok...nothing special given all the hype. check out the pictures and you can decide for yourself.	0	1	1	0	0
 we didn't know what to expect here since we have found english pub fare to be hit or miss. this place is definitely a hit! the bread appetizer is fantastic starter with the beef drippings. we had the lemon sole was so delicious! flaky and flavorful. the cod was also very very good. the kitchen made as little mistake on the angus beef entree and over charred the outside so it wound up tasting burnt. i told or waiter and he relayed it to the kitchen and they graciously gave us a free desert, which was very nice. they have a nice selection of ciders, which the women in our party enjoyed. i had a guinness which went very nicely with the fish. would definitely come back here again. 11/05/17: went back here with other members of our family who missed the first trip. another set of brilliant dishes including pulled pork appetizer, hoggette (lamb) and roast chicken for two. the lamb was so tender and moist it melted in my mouth! my wife and daughter loved the chicken for 2 although it needed a lot of sauce since it was a bit dry. try the rogue hazelnut brown ale for nice treat if you lot dark beer. sunday roast (lunch): 4.5/5cozy, cute, friendly and tasty place for a sunday roast. other items on the menu at this farm to table establishment are yummy too. menu changes daily and these guys have their own butcher. they also have a large selection of craft and imported beers as well and what looked like a promising wine list. half the seats are up for grabs via online reservation. rest can be grabbed on a first come first served basis. call ahead. portion sizes are v.generous (and i'm a big eater!). patrons were a mix of locals and expats.repeat: yesgreat way to polish off our last meal in london it has been many months since we were in london, but i still find myself thinking about that sunday roast we had at the pig and butcher on one of our first days. we hadn't thought to make a reservation in advance, so we planned to get there early for less of a wait. however, our jet lag was worse than we anticipated, so we ended up there mid-afternoon with a 1.5 hour wait. it was absolutely worth it though, and the staff was really friendly and accommodating.the pig and butcher focuses on locally sourced, sustainable ingredients, and the quality of the ingredients is evident in all of the dishes. for the roast, i got the slow roasted pork shoulder, and it was probably the best pulled pork i have ever had. this just tasted like comfort food and made me so happy. the roast came with yorkshire pudding, roast potatoes, creamed leeks, and vegetables, and each was excellently executed. we also got the board as an appetizer which was good, especially the scotch eggs, but not necessary in retrospect as the roast was plenty of food and extremely satisfying.we would absolutely return to the pig and butcher for either sunday roast or the regular menu. the entire meal was pretty much perfect, and left us with such great memories. best sunday roast ever!!! with that being said make sure you make reservation!! saw a couple walked in and was told the wait was over 2 hours! my fianc and sister got the traditional roast while got the pulled pork shoulder roast and it was amazing!! lively atmosphere, good food and attentive servers! what's not to love?? after reading all the great reviews, i was really looking forward to my first dining experience in london.the venue was cool, rough wooden tables, paced with people and an army of waitresses running around. your first impression is that this is a hip and popular place. (and i, aged 30something, was a bit to old for this pub!) but regardless, it's a really nice place, but loud.i arrived london only one hour before our table reservations, in a delayed flight, so i was really ready to get something to eat, and we quickly decided on what we wanted from the menu.starters as the vegetarian option, panzanella, crispy halloumi and fried crispy lamb was served, and the salad was weird, the halloumi was deep fried, but cold, and the also cold, fried cooked egg white was chewy and quite weird tasting.the fried lamb was more like a sheep nuggets, and tasted like a old wet sheep. our expectations now (after the starters) were actually higher for the main course, we ordered angus beef sirloin and lamb shank. the sirloin was perfectly cooked on the inside, but had been grilled so the outside was blackened by charcoal, and this really messed up the flavor. sadly.the lamb was really good, and cooked to perfection!i also ordered a bellini as an aperitif, but this pub did not know how to make drinks! the peach juice tasted like something from a can, but my latest bellini was in venice, so maybe my expectations were too high! i really and truly wanted to love this charming pub. i loved the atmosphere and the interior design. but the service of the staff was not the greatest, the food was disappointing (except the lamb shank!) i would not recommend this place to anyone except to go here and have a beer with your mates, not for a meal. thoroughly professional establishment here. a proper gastropub that was packed at opening at 12pm.i had booked us a table for the famous roast. because we are such adventurous foodies, after a little thought we went for a roast lamb, sirloin beef and pork.we didn't have to wait long. maybe 20 mins. they knew what they were doing and all went smoothly. including a very good bloody mary which i needed.in terms of preferable we all loved the beef and pork best i reckon. the lamb was very good too. it's actually my fav meat normally but the pork (pulled) was of great portion and very succulent. the sirloin soft like butter and nice medium rare and juicy.great roast potatoes with good veg and a side for all of creamed leaks.i will defo come back. even spotted a ridiculously good bone marrow all lines up at the pass being soaked in juices. looked insane.all in all....we came, we saw, we conquered. and we were happy! absolutely loved this place. just what you want for a nice sunday roast i think.firstly, the great experience started over the phone. i'm not as organised as some when it comes to booking and so i called at 10am on sunday and asked if we would be able to go for lunch at all. she explained that they booked only half the tables online and left he rest open for same-dayers. love that. she suggested coming at noon or earlier and snagging one for these 'open tables'. did just that and we were given a table in the middle of the room straight away, it had a bit of a draft but as it wasn't too cold today it didn't matter. i'm guessing the perk of booking in advance is that you get a 'better' table in the more dining rather than pub area.next up we get some water, choose a wine and ask out waiter if ordering the mixed board starter plus brisket will be enough for 3 or if we should get extra sides. in a refreshing moment of honesty and not trying to upsell us, he told us that he thought it would be enough but we were welcome to order extra later. thank you. it was more than enough and the 3 of us left stuffed.so onto the food, being now charmed with the decor and staff, i was really excited to to try the famous roast and starters.mixed board was lovely, varied and creative. came with some crispy toasted bread-crackers but we got extra bread for good measure (excellent butter) i personally really loved the venison terrine and the pork belly? taramasalata also super tasty. scotch egg perfectly runny.for the our main we opted for the beef brisket which needs to be ordered by at least 2 people to share at 17 per person i think. this comes with 2 giant yorkshire puddings, spring greens, some carrots, gravy, 4-5 roast potatoes and buttered leeks.it was excellent. well cooked, enough gravy and the meat was succulent. definitely will be returning to try more items on the menu. couldn't try dessert bc as i said, we were stuffed!whole affair with 1/2 bottle of wine and service came to 90 or so. fab place. this pub gets five stars from me!great pub!great staff!great service!great food!we had an amazing sunday lunch here with the biggest beef dripping yorkshire puddings i've ever seen.i had the lamb and my fianc had the roast beef. both were delicious and more food than i we could manage (in the best way possible!)there was a delay on our order and what i love is that the manager immediately came over and admitted that our order had been missed. he offered us deserts on the house to make up for it and the staff were equally apologetic for the delay.but all was quickly forgiven in the face of such refreshing honesty and the pub is truly lovely sit and enjoy your day in.ps. the cherry on top was the creme brle rice pudding, which was just heavenly! not to be missed! loves every minute here! fantastic sunday roast experience. this pub was located in a quite suburb of london. don't let the location fool you. it was crowded. we could see why it was in such high demand. thankfully we had reservation and was seated immediately after our arrival. we recommended making reservation. the staff was very friendly and helpful. but the food was the star. the had the beef and lamb roast. the meat was extremely tender and flavorful. the accompanied vegetables were fresh and delicious. the dessert was very freshening and not overly sweet. went for sunday roast with 3 of my friends at 7:30pm. reservations fill up quickly so make yours now. anyways, we got one of the special roasts for 4 and even though it was pricier than i had expected, it was definitely worth it. the amount of food was overwhelming and the meat, sauce, vegetables, and sides were delicious! our server was great and recommended great drinks for us... he even brought out bread for us to sop up some of the residual sauce at the bottom of the pan... all in all, people say this is the place to go for sunday roast and they're not lying. try it once... you won't be sorry! a charming gastropub with top-notch service and an amazing selection of craft beers (i recommend trying the beavertown gamma ray pale ale, though err admittedly i asked for the one in the most colourful can i could see rather than from any great beer knowledge!). not a cheap feed by any means but a good option for the 'slightly special' meal category.they have a handful of picnic style tables and benches outside to enjoy the evening sunshine - and spy though the windows at other people's food. after a pre-drink (or two) we went in for dinner and started on the tasty homemade sourdough straight away, served with beef dripping.i chose the rabbit rillettes for starters but got massive food envy of the cheddar and bacon mac n' cheese (i know i know, it was obvious right). my angus onglet main was nice though slightly charred; i ended up tasting some of the t-bone that the two of the guys were sharing and struggling with (i'm a helpful soul you know) which was far more tender. the lemon posset made for a nice fresh finish (as did the champagne one of my companions got a little carried away in ordering at the end of the meal).the staff were sometimes tricky to catch the eye of but they did a stellar job handling our big group, and certainly very quick to bring more wine bottle refills over! the pub itself is a lovely airy space and i especially liked the blackboard detailing where they source all their meat from. bonus points for having coat-hooks too. thanks for having us! excellent food and ambiance. the 2 hour time limit came much too quickly at our table! i'll definitely go back. yes yes yes ! i read gastro pub and k was hooked.it took us quick a journey to get to the pig and butcher in angel (it's quite a walk from the station, very easy to find but a bit far) but i had no regrets.when we arrived without a reservation we were sat at the bar in the meantime because a table was paying their bill. it turned out to take ages because the people at the able decided to hang around. as our group grew impatient, the staff finally decided to politely explain to them to leave.the meal was succulent. i mean it : succulent. the products are fresh and locally sourced. in fact, there's a big chalkboard map on a wall detailing were all the meat, fish and vegetables are from in england. our waiter was lovely and helpful. the only dark side is all the waiting while eating. we basically waited almost an hour between dishes. i know we're here to relax and enjoy our time at dinner but it was too much, my family grew impatient and mostly hungry. obviously the quality of our meal and our lovely waiter made up for it but it was testing our patience. i would go again i went there on a sunday with a friend of mine. we arrived at 12:00 and luckily got the last table there. it is really popular for weekend brunch i will say. the sunday roast is absolutely great. i ordered the one with lamb and there was so much food and i couldn't finish(i would love to tho). i will suggest to book first but they only open half the tables for booking so you might need to book early. i will say it's not too expensive as well. i will definitely go there again. this is a great restaurant in the angel neighborhood. they serve only the best locally sourced food. however, i did not find that my food was worth a 5 star review as i had better steak in the us. i had the angus onglet and it was great, not fantastic but great. the chips were more like yucca, and i love yucca, but something between chips and yucca is kind of strange, so, let's deduct a point for that as well. my starter was the mac and cheese and it was not great. they decided to kill the dish by putting broccoli inside and that simply does not pair well with mac and cheese. the wine list features great labels but kind of short on bubbles. if there is one thing which is fantastic at this restaurant is the bread! it is to die for! and the butter... oh my goodness!! what's that!one dislike... the service overall.... it was not terrible but it wasn't great. we were told that we had 2 hours to have dinner as the table we were sitting was in high demand therefore our time there was limited. found this to be extremely rude and unprofessional so another star off for that. amazing roast! yorkshire puddings looked out of this world (my husband concurred that they tasted like it too!) there was a gluten free dessert (chocolate pot of some sort with sea salt toasted marshmallows)... worth all the calories and then some!!! if you're in the area, it is worth the wait to get in and the neighborhood is beautiful for walking before and after to work off some of your dinner! great atmosphere, super friendly staff. the food true farm to table, you even know which local farm they get their meats from. we ordered the meat board, great for sharing and tasting. the chicken and the pork were exquisite! drinks fantastic as well. popped in for a sunday roast lunch. there was a time limit on my table since it was quite busy, but they accomodated me nonetheless.the beef itself was exquisite, but the trimmings were of varying quality - the double (or triple?) cooked potatos were of great texture but needed more salt. so did the leek in cream. the carrots were a bit undercooked. the yorkshire pudding was pretty decent, a bit soggy in the centre but that's probably due to it being massive.the damage wasn't too high as well, and the atmosphere is nice. the food was delicious! i've never had such a pillowy and flaky yorkshire pudding like this one! the pulled pork was very high quality! in addition, this portugal red wine we had was phenomenal. if i lived in london, then i would definitely be coming here quite often, especially for sunday roast an unassuming neighborhood gastropub which delivers enduring satisfaction. bread with churned butter and beef drippings set the scene for carnal perfection.  succulent lamb shank, pork chops and steaks presented with complementary sides. wonderful puddings. long live the british culinary traditions recreated here. we've crossed the pond for a meal here. i have known this pub to be called a few names in its time. the most recent being the islington tap. each makeover has maintained consistency in providing a good local friendly pub with hearty food. the pig & butcher has taken it a step further though, choosing to steer clear of the go-to options such as burgers, fish & chips etc and instead, offer what is surprisingly inventive and indeed the epitome of what a gastro pub should be. i know most folk believe "gastro" is over-used, maybe even a thing of the past. i believe, when used under the right circumstances, i.e. the bridge a between bog standard pub and fine-dining restaurant, it fits.it is off the beaten track, when you think of upper street being just down the road. instead, it is surrounded mostly by residential neighbours and you can see this by the lack of office types propping up the bar. on a friday night, there is a chilled crowd of locals tucking into game and such, or sipping on the beers, of which they have at least 30 types. it's a win win situation.for the food, i had guinea fowl breast and leg, with crunchy brussel sprouts. yum! my friends were not to hungry so opted for a chunky chips, pig in blankets and a scotch egg to share. now before i talk about my main, lets visit the scotch egg. it is not your normal cold uninspiring fare from tesco. this is freshly made with egg that has the yoke spilling out like a yellow slow motion waterfall as it should. a big yes. now the guinea fowl, omg the meat was tender. whilst it is normally known to be drier and leaner than chicken, it had a moistness which was delicious. partnered with crunchy bitter sprouts, the trip down to the other end of theberton street was worth it.the overall experience was delightful. pricing was good. service chilled but attentive. a good mix of table service or being able to go up to the bar if you fancy a look at the selection of bottle and tap beers. the pub has grit, it makes a statement that it can leave your upper street alternatives in its dust as it speeds off with food and drink goodness. we will be back! i had meant to go check the pig & butcher for ages and finally came around to do it last week. and i can tell you one thing: i'll be back there soon! the food is simply delicious and quite fairly priced. i mean, it sure isn't cheap (something like 30+/person with a drink) but considering the quality of ingredients, it really just makes sense. as for most places, you actually get what you paid for, and here you get excellent quality ingredients cooked really well. out of the starters, my favourite was the cod brandade, which was perfectly balanced, and served pipping hot with the best crispy toasted bread i've ever had. the chicken rillette was very good too, but missed that extra little thing to make it absolutely incredible. unfortunately, they had run out of pork on the night we visited (i suppose that's the perks of late dining...) but both the lamb and the fish dishes we had were excellent. desserts were really succesful as well (tip: if you spot something along the lines of brule rice pudding on the menu, get it! you can thank me later).really glad we've finally made our way there and to have such a gem in our neighbourhood! finally getting around to writing the reviews from my time in london during this past christmas.nearly during every visit in london, i'll catch up with an old friend in angel. this time, we decided to try the much raved about gastro pub the pig & butcher. heed the warnings from the reviews, gets busy during the evenings and expect a wait. the atmosphere is relaxed, soft lighting, and the bar counter is a good spot to pass time while waiting for a table. good selection of craft beers and some decent selection of whiskies on the shelf (a couple decent bottles of bourbon on offer).i'll simply just back the reviews of most yelpers, great food, tasty cuts of meats ranging from pork-beef-venison, and terrific service. highly recommended option for dining in angel. my first recommendation is to book ahead. we were staying at a local hotel down the street and got super luck with table by the door on a sunday evening. the food and service were outstanding.i love that the food is sourced locally. i wish we had a pub like this in my home town. a rather nice place to enjoy a decent dinner with people that aren't too posh. there's lots of different beers, if you have a neck beard you'll be quids-in. the food was organic and nicely cooked. i had beef rib, followed by a chocolate and marshmallow tart. very slow service, but the food was worth waiting for. recommended. i will be going back here again. in fact, i might be in a week when i have family in town. the beef and stew are fracking amazing and i highly recommend them to any of you wandering over. the selection of beer is great and quite frankly i would hire this place out for a party if i had the funds (it was that good). normally i would give it a 5 star review, but the dessert really let it down. i ordered the cobbler and i have to say the topping was not great. the topping was make separately and set on top and was so thick it made the dessert difficult to eat. did not rank high on the taste counter as well. that said, the fruit inside was lovely. i rarely gush about a place but, seriously, do yourself a favor and have a meal here. i had multiple items but, in particular, the lamb is probably the best i've ever had. full stop. great ambience, charming, friendly staff - great service and (seriously) world class food. wow. i don't have anything to compare sunday roast to, but it was pretty good. staff was great. food was fresh. my husband has been wanting to visit the pig and butcher for a long, long time and on what i'm dubbing "the last day of summer 2015," we did just that... but for drinks only. the last day of summer 2015 was on a saturday, by the way.our one and only issue with the pig and butcher was that we arrived before the menu was available which meant we had arrived well before any type of food would be served. so what time did we arrive? well, we arrived around 4:30 or 5pm as part of our bike 'n beer tour of islington. all we wanted were some nibbles and none were available, so we opted for beers and sunshine with hope that nibbles would be available soon after arriving (they weren't).the same problem exists with the pig and butcher as does the hop & berry which is that their picnic tables are located on the same main road which is busy, so you constantly feel like you are being hit in the face with exhaust from cars zooming by. the space inside is nice. decorated like a cute pub, one that would seem cozy in the winter.service (at the bar, of course) was great. smiley and happy to serve everything aside from food. at one point, a server brought around sunscreen to everyone seated at the picnic tables outside which i thought was a noble gesture!would totally return to the pig and butcher but after 6pm - or whenever they start dinner service - for grub. i just love places like this with their pub like, noisy (but not obtrusive) atmospheres. the food is classic and healthy portions. reminds me of home, but than more neatly served. an awesome selection of ipas. i could get extremely intoxicated here except i didn't. highly recommended.	1	1	1	0	1
 the jumbo fish is really big.we got to the restaurant at 7pm and the waiter (super nice) told us that they probably would not be able to seat us until 9pm. two couples were turned away in front of us as well. the restaurant looked nice and traditional inside. just next door is their take away location, which is apparently much cheaper than their eat in menu. we ordered cod and haddock, as well as chips. they had chips and a few pieces of fried fish available and ready for purchase but we had to wait 15 minutes while they prepared and fried our cod and haddock. this was worth the wait as the fish was piping hot when we got it. we didn't want to walk all the way to our hotel so we ate it sitting on a small bench right outside the restaurant.during the 20 minutes we were eating, there were probably 30 people coming in and out to order take away. some locals ordered just chips, which they had the option of adding salt to. we ate the cod first, which was very meaty and tender. we knew the fish was fresh and not frozen by the way the meat was falling off each other. the haddock had a much fishier taste and less tender than the cod. i'm glad we got a chance to eat both. the chips were so good! large portions of fish, unlimited bottomless fries. pretty packed when we got here, but luckily we scored a table. there was a couple in front of us that was waiting when we got there, but we both got seated at the same time. additionally, other people were turned away after we got the last spot. basically must make reservations especially since place is so small. this place is as good as it gets for bang for the buck. if i had been a little hungrier, i definitely could have taken advantage of the bottomless fries. gf ended up getting the cod, while i got the large haddock. i don't recommend getting the large as i didn't see much different in size between the small and the large.cod: gf found some tiny bones in the cod, so she didn't seem to enjoy it.haddock: wow this thing was amazing. the fish was overly oily, which made the fish fry/batter lose some crispiness, but it was still super yummy. i could definitely feel the fats and oils settling in while i ate. still would recommend this place.fries: can't so no to bottomless fries now can i? this was on several best of lists for fish and chips in london so the bf and i decided to check it out. i got the haddock while he got the cod. there were a few tiny bones in both which made me kinda paranoid the rest of the meal but nothing large enough to leave a mark. the chips are unlimited but after our first serving we were already full-- they were also delicious!!!if i could redo the experience i probably would have tried a different type of fish. however since haddock is the typical go to for fish and chips i figured it was the way to go. this was a tad pricey but the area is far from a typical pub setting. i'm sure there is type of fish that could push my rating up! excellent restaurant the best fish and chips i've ever had in london a pleasant place to sit and prices are reasonablethanks if you're looking for fried fish and chips, this is the place. they have both takeaway and sit down areas and both are super popular. we showed up right before they closed to prep between lunch and dinner so the sit down area was quiet. people were stopping by already to reserve tables for dinner and the takeaway was busy the whole time we ate. my husband and i ordered the jumbo order of fried haddock and fries. apparently the fries are endless but we were so full from the massive filet of fish we didn't need it. the fish was friend with the skin on still which was interesting and it was perfectly crispy and juicy. the fries were piping hot and delicious. the tarter sauce had a good bite to it but i found i liked the fish best with just some lemon and a dash of vinegar. service was polite and i can't speak to the vibe because of the time of day. across the street there's a pub that was popular and could be good for pre/post dinner drinks. this place is amazing. fish and chips. not greasy. superb. i will dream of the this meal. again and again. oh and the bread pudding was equally awesome. go there. you will not be disappointed. yum when a old friend suggested a reunion dinner at a fish and chip restaurant, my first thought was 'really?!?' but all my qualms were for naught as this was a great place for a fish meal!you can get the old standards here of cod and chips but it's the other fish options that are the stars. you can actually get whole fish on the bone (woo hoo!), either battered or grilled. i got the grilled lemon sole which was a monster whole fish that was perfectly cooked. no dry overcooked fish here! the main drawback here is the service. we got a few smiles from a couple of the waitstaff but it's mostly surly, grumpy, 'why are you bothering me' attitudes. the back room also got uncomfortably warm. it was packed on a friday evening so reserve in advance, preferably a table at the front of the restaurant. it's a great, tasty spot for really well prepared fish (and chips!) our group was not really impressed with this restaurant. i ordered the sweet potato pot pie. for one thing, it was served so hot that after ten minutes into cutting into it, i still burnt my mouth when i took a bite, to the point of instant blistering. the taste was just ok. there was an odd spice in it that just didn't sit right with me. my friend had the sea bass that came recommended. he said he's had much better, and the side of boiled potatoes had no flavor. my fianc had the fish and chips (cod). he was served a huge portion, but i tasted it and thought it was just good, not great. honestly the best thing we tasted were the chips. service was below average as well. thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. we had just arrived in london and wanted classic fish and chips. so happy to have found this place where "classic" is taken up several notches. they have the classic cod fish, but the menu here is vast with tons of great options. you're going to have a hard time selecting between all their amazing fish choices. i wouldn't call this a "fish and chips" restaurant, but a solid seafood restaurant. the serving sizes here are ample. more than ample, huge. i opted for the classic cod and chips. it was perfectly fried and tender. i couldn't finish my fish and i barely made a dent in my chips because there was so much. it didn't help that we also had a couple of their appetizers to begin with: homemade fish cake and the deep fried brie. both absolutely delicious. my sweet side craving a little something something, i opted for the trifle. it was good, but didn't blow my mind. it was my first time eating trifle, though, so this may just be a dessert that i'm not crazy about. service was great. friendly and knowledgeable staff willing to answer any questions us americans had about traditional english food. i would most definitely recommend to any seafood lover. have been here twice. best fish and chips i have had in london. of course there are grilled fish options as well and the fish always fresh tasting and perfectly prepared. north sea has the best tarter sauce with horseradish forward taste. excellent and overall food deserving of 5 stars the food was not as good as we wanted it to be. the place is very nice inside. it was air conditioned which was really nice as today it was hot in london. service was professional and fast. we got halibut and cod prepared with a batter and chips. the chips were really good. and the tartar sauce was good.......but.... the fish... both filets were cooked well. the halibut was dry in places though. and there was no real flavor anywhere. we ate our fill but there was no humming that usually accompanies eating good fish and chips. so.... it was ok but we will not be back. this place is known for its fish and chips, so emphasize grilling if you don't want fried food. it's not very expensive and offers healthy portions. it's a fish restaurant and delivers for the most part. the service was a bit surely. it was raining but the place provided a welcome shelter for a couple of hours. the storefront next to the restaurant offers takeout--business looked brisk. had this place bookmarked before even coming to london. had to say that it meet its expectation. got here around 8pm on a thursday night and was seated right away. the place was pack with only a table for 2 left. eventually, a bigger table opened up and we were moved because the area they seated us in was a little inconvenient. ordered the cod filet and the haddock filet. both came out delicious. the haddock one had a little more flavors than the cod one. both came with chips (fries) or boiled potatoes and we got one of each. both was also good! the fish was a good size...they give you a while half of the fish. beware what you order here... if you don't want the fish head and bones in your fish, make sure you order something that says filet on it... otherwise you will get the whole fish. this is a very nice restaurant close to the british library and to skoob, best second-hand bookshop in london. i wished afterwards that i'd ordered the dover sole, which i gather comes as a whole fish on the bone, but instead i got a haddock fillet, fried in matzo meal crumbs instead of the thick and nasty beer batter you usually get. eat it at a table, on a plate and with a fork, instead of takeaway. i got broccoli on the side which was ok, a little undercooked by british standards. very good service. the restaurant is separated into a dine in and take away. i got a cod and chips for take away. the fried cod had a nice batter. i wanted a packet of vinegar because it would have made my food soggy had they put the vinegar on when i ordered the food. as a result the food was bland. i think it would've tasted better had i eaten there. however the take away prices are lower. lovely restaurant with friendly staff! haddock fillet was delicious, and chips were perfectly done. steak and stilton pie was great as well. casual atmosphere, with top class cuisine. 10/10, would highly recommend. food alone i might give the fish and chips 5 stars. the batter was light but still crispy and the fish was flaky. the chips really good as well. the service wasn't too friendly. very curt and to the point. fortunately she acted like that to a couple who came in to make reservations so made me feel a little less bad about it i'm not an everyday eater of fish and chips. it has to be really good to tempt me and this totally fit the bill. fresh, hot, crispy, flavorful flounder. chips were also decidedly tasty and crispy. excellent tartare sauce. generous portions. side of runner beans was just right. my companions onion rings were also terrific, as was my half-pint of pilsner. not a fan of the mushy peas, but i never am. excellent service! we had a brief (less than five minute) wait. he service was excellent. portion sizes are huge! bottomless chips is a nice perk (although we did not need any additional food). my husband had fish and chips (cod), but there's a variety of options for fish and chips. i had the breaded scampi and chips. both meals were amazing. one of the best fish and chips i ever had. went for the jumbo size; seriously massive portion. one of the best authentic fish and chip restaurants around. fresh fish, fresh fried food unlimited refills on chips. it gets busy in here and it's warm but worth it if you want the real deal. take away options too some of the best i've had, glad we decided to make the mini journey. made my daughter a fan and they do it old school here.75p extra for under 10 if not cash, but no issues with that.... the other reviews nailed it. if you are looking for fish and chips this is the place. we split the jumbo cod and coke slaw and couldn't be happier with our choice. there's nothing fishy about the north sea fish restaurant.in fact, this is actually how i wish every chippie in london could be. classic. delicious. a slice of london without feeling touristy. amazing.there are two parts to the north sea, the takeaway to the left and the sit down restaurant to the right. the restaurant is old-world feeling with dark wood and faded tables and it's clearly been there for a long, long time. we came on a sunday (their second or third sunday open ever), so it was nearly empty but lovely. we sat by the window, we ate our meal, we talked, it was fantastic.on sunday, they have a smaller lunch menu but if you ask for the real one, they'll bring it and be able to make almost anything from it. we both went with classic fish and chips though - i got the regular cod and the person i was with got the matso-egg battered plaice. both fantastic - clearly freshly cooked from real fish, mmm, just grand. however, her mats-covering was amazing. much lighter than the regular fry, each bite was great. i'd come back for that alone and had food jealousy the entire time.we also got a few sides, included pickled onions (which came as three giant onions that were a bit difficult to cut with the fish knife) and coleslaw, which was creamy and delicious. it's a little more expensive than other f&c spots, which is the only thing keeping it from that full five stars. paying over 12, hell even over 10 for fish and chips does make my eyes pop out a little. but only a little, and this was 15 for the regular sized. however, with all the trimmings above and the great ambiance of the place, it's hard not to love here, and i'd send anyone, tourist or not, to try it. pretty great haddock and halibut. huge portions of fish; chips are on the house if you dine in. good for takeout, too. tried the daily special. tuna steak with vegetable sauce. the tuna was fantastic and flavorful. a good amount of spices were in each bite. the ran out of boiled potatoes for the day, so i tried the chips. quite crispy and tasty. for drinks, i tried some cider. a bit pricey but goes well with the meal. been here twice plus a take away order next door, and i've only been to london twice so far. actually, i suppose that says it all right there! fish has been superb each time, and i love the zest of horse radish in their tartar sauce - i've started doing that at home. staff was friendly on both sides of the house. sit down service is suitable for business dinners or other more formal engagements, but relaxed enough for every day. fish was fantastic but the service was horrible. i guess when tipping isn't standard the service turns to shit. my cocktail glass was broken and when i brought it to their attention, you would have thought i broke the glass myself. our cocktail and food order was wrong and had to go back twice. wake up zombie! 3.5 stars but +.5 because of their take away box :)very standard fish and chips shop. everything you would expect. when you ask for take away you can get it open or closed. they wrap it up in a newspaper like bag and you can carry the whole thing your hand. awesome. we were tired from a lot of walking and i was in the mood for seafood, we checked yelp from kings cross tube stop, and decided to give this a try. the food was very good and reasonably priced. my grilled sea bass was excellent, and my wife enjoyed the fried haddock with chips. service was good, and the interior was nicely decorated. i'd recommend eating here if you're in the mood for fresh fish - lots of choices	1	0	1	0	0
 this place was one of our favorites on the list of popular eateries we visited during our trip to london. first, there was no wait and the food lived up to its hype. despite its highly instagramable profile, the food and the restaurant's ambience wasn't frou frou, but had a simple yet sophisticated crab-shack vibe. we ordered the lobster roll which came with a side salad, chips and the mouth-watering lemon butter sauce. everything was delicious and everyone in our party unanimously agreed it was the best lobster roll they've had. this place is a must if you're out of town visiting or even a local. i read in an article that this place has good lobster for a fair price. my fianc and i decided to share the lobster burger combo. which was perfect for the two of us! he enjoyed the lobster and i thought the burger was delicious. the fries were yummy! i liked the salad and dressing but it was hard to eat out of the cup they put it in without spilling it everywhere and it could have also had a little bit more dressing on it. our server was very friendly!i would recommend! we were on holiday and kept having to have late dinners because, west end theatre shows. luckily burger & lobster stayed open long enough for me to get the famous lobster roll feed. my husband went one up with the full works at 25. ditching the roll and opting for the lobster itself, a beef burger, chips and sauce. i know it's a franchise but the lobster was succulent and delicious, it was a good meal, great service and good value considering it's london central and you're eating lobster. the place is quite big so there is ample seating across two floors so if you have to wait don't be put off, it wont be long. by the way their cocktail and mocktail menu is pretty awesome too! total tourist move, but if you're from out of town (or you've never been) i'd recommend checking out b&l. it gets crowded fast so plan accordingly, the three of us just sat at the bar. complimentary wifi and friendly staff. the stars of the night were the lobster roll and crisps. i was also partial to the b&l half and half, which comes with a smaller burger and lobster. i got the lobster burger and siracha mayo which were both a little disappointing to me. most dishes were in the 20-30ish range. overall, great food and fun atmosphere lobster, yum! give me more!! :)i have anxiously awaited my visit to this well known establishment as it has affordable and tasty lobsters or if you're so inclined, beef burgers or a bit of both! apparently the menu has changed from the original, expanding to include different sizes and toppings.on this occasion i went with the original whole lobster and thanks to the waitress' suggestion, i got it half grilled and half steamed. most dishes come with a side of fries and salad in addition to the creamy butter to dip. my dining companion went with the lobster roll which looked equally divine and we were set! the lobster was juicy, flavourful and cooked perfectly. it was easy to pop out of the shell and enjoy its goodness.we also started with the lobster chowder which i will admit was hard to find chunks of lobster amongst the vegetables. however there was no denying the rich lobster flavour and it easily went down especially when shared.they boast an impressive drink menu as well. a range of specialty and traditional cocktails. the tokyo dream ended up a bit too tart for me but actually paired well with the meal. i could eat here once a week and hope this chain expands to other countries. the us could do with less red lobster in place of this gem. not to mention the service was stellar and prompt, considering the busy time. probably the best lobster you can find in london.i came to burger & lobster after it was recommended to me by a coworker. i arrived around 7pm on a friday night and it was packed. they were able to seat me immediately at the bar so i jumped at the chance. i was greeted by the bartender and promptly given a menu. after a quick look i realized i couldn't pick between a burger or lobster so i decided i just needed to have both. ordered the combo with a medium burger with cheese and a half steamed, half grilled lobster. literally 4 minutes later the plate was in front of me. the burger had a decent sized patty and plenty of toppings. the lobster had a smell to it but not bad. it was a beautiful bright red color with much of the meat exposed. i dipped a small bit in the buttery sauce provided. the flavor was wonderful and i quickly devoured the rest of the lobster. the only negatives were that fries that came out were cold and if i would have been with a larger group the wait would have easily been over an hour. in total i was maybe in the restaurant for 30 minutes. service was quick and thorough. i would recommend people try burger & lobster. manage your expectations though. on the uk yelp top 100 list and on my list of places to try in london!bf and i split the soho combo (we were still relatively full from the fortnum and mason afternoon tea) for dinner, which came with a burger and lobster. portions were just enough for 2 sorta hungry, but not really individuals. plus, we didn't have to choose between burger and lobster. win-win! we got our lobster grilled and as a result, it was a little dry, but not too bad.be prepared for a wait for a table! coming from florida that has amazing local fresh seafood i was a little apprehensive to try the lobster here as i was afraid i would not like it as much as the stuff i get at home. i am happy to say i loved it and i had the best lobster roll sandwich i have ever had here.came with a group of 4 and all of us loved the food. wait was about 10 minutes and once seated service was good and quick. place is a bit pricey but they give you a generous amount of fresh lobster so i thought it was well worth the price. lobster is placed in a home made bun that was toasted and buttered to perfection. the thing that puts this place over the edge is the garlic butter they use. it is not like the see through flavorless butter you get in the states. this one was creamy and delicious and the perfect thing to add to the sandwich to take it from great to amazing. fries and salad that come with meal were both great too.the one thing i felt a bit ripped off on was the drink. we ordered the award winning drink they have (don't remember name, something fizzy) and they filled the cup over with huge ice cubes in a tiny glass so even though glass looked full it was about 4 sips at 12 pounds which was just way too much for the size of the drink. we did not order anymore drinks when we saw their ice cube trick they use to give less product to customer.stick to the food and avoid the cocktails and you will have a great meal! never had lobster like this before! yes it's more expensive than a typical meal but still affordable and i loved their garlic butter! but i also heard that the original roll is better than the actual lobster menu. this review is just about the the original burger:"this tastes like an foreign interpretation of a gourmet american burger"patty 2/5: very thick...too thick! bun 4/5: thick firm sesame bun. the sesames did not help the taste of the burgersize & structure 2/5: this is not a one bite burger.. strategy is needed to eat this thing.accents 2/5: tomatos, pickles, bacon lettuce... everything is thick. it's also served with a nice healthy serving of french fries.price: $16. final note: the burger is filling, but felt like it was missing some refinement. it seemed like they simply made a giant burger with reliable ingredients. came here for breakfast. tried their lobster & poached eggs, waffles with bacon and blueberries, freshly squeezed orange juice and their bloody mary. food is spectacular! burger & lobster is an overall good place with a fun twist.decor & atmosphere: 4 stars- overall plan but simplistic. clean. doesn't really give you an idea of what your in for but i like simple. having the bar stools at the front is smart, plenty of seating for people waiting and having the menu ready allows you to kill some time before you get seated as it's often busy. probably getting in the door early is better for a place like this. service: 5 stars- despite the wait everyone was friendly and we were seated reasonably quick. our waitress was lovely, very helpful, & friendly. she gave us a great suggestion on cocktails and was on her way. i felt they moved quickly and once your seated your in and out.food: 4 stars- overall good. i'm a fan of a more upscale traditional lobster tail. but the medium/large char grilled lobster tail was pretty fabulous. the garlic butter on the side is the way to go and shoestring fries you can't go wrong. overall filling and tasty. i will say 9/10 had lobster opposed to a burger so i think the lobster is the way to go.their cocktails here are the bomb! the shared drinks are fun and delicious. the strawberry goblet (can't remember the legit name) was out of this world. girly but definitely had the right amount of booze. i say treat yourself and go for it. overall this place is fun, simplistic, good food, and a fresh idea. i can see why it's so popular. worth trying at least once. super limited menu! very good drinks. fast service! we did get hit with the 2 hour maximum occupancy which is odd. food came out fast and at correct temp! damn i'd forgotten how good burger and lobster is with their juicy lobster tail/claws and their plentiful herby butter sauce. but the days of the simple 3 option menu are gone. replaced with more expensive options like a 30 burger?!!? and the original lobster dish now costing a staggering 26. (plus 12.5 percent service)!! still, can't fault a good ol lobster. the burger is very juicy , the meat well cooked and the lobster on the top is delicious makes it a unique burger . my husband had the lobster grilled and it was good very well grilled and the garlic and butter make it exceptional. ah the famous lobster chain. i have been here a few times. yeah, i have to agree with everyone else, they serve the best value and tastiest lobster roll in town. i don't mind the normal lobster, but why get messy when they have already done all the work for you in a roll. they use to have a 3 types of things concept. burger, lobster or lobster roll only for 20 each. however, things have changed and they are charging 25 now for the lobster roll. i was a bit disappointed but then the menu have also increased. i am unsure if it only certain branches but it seems like they have rolled out the new menu everywhere. anyway, if you are after lobster roll. look no further. for me, it was really bad. my friend and i didn't like the lobsters at all. i guess it's because i used to live in toronto and i had way better lobster in the west and east coasts of canada constantly... (my friend also comes from a costal city.)so for us the lobsters were really not fresh, juicy, or rich enough its flavour. it was a big let down judging by its reputation. who would've thought a restaurant with three menu items could draw such big crowds? when my friend suggested we go for lobster in london, i'll admit i was a little hesitant; however, i was put at ease upon seeing the hoards of people when we walked in. i figured if everyone was flocking to burger & lobster, it must be great!we had to wait about 30 minutes on a sunday for dinner but i was able to make my way to the bar and order a bottle of wine for us to sip on while waiting. eventually we were seated and not given any menus. why? it's pretty easy for the waiter to explain. you can get lobster (steamed or grilled), a lobster roll, or burger. each costs 20 pounds. simple enough!we all went with lobster which also came with fries and a salad. i asked for it grilled but you could also do half steamed and half grilled, if you prefer. our waiter said it pretty much tastes the same either way. the plates came out pretty quickly and we started to devour. the lobster was meaty and i was definitely filled up when the sides were added to the mix. as i ate and looked around, i was seriously in awe of how something so simple not only exists but thrives. there are other locations throughout the city and we saw one being built not even a five minute walk away. why stop at burger & lobster? i'm thinkin' ribs & tacos, chicken & lechon, bratwurst & steak... combinations are endless! i know it is a chain, but it was really good and a pretty good value as well. the lobster was perfectly cooked and cracked. the spinach dip was also solid. very polite service. also, even though the queue appears long, it is a big space and we only waited about 5 minutes. it was 1 may, a public holiday on the day we visited, and it was the one of two buger&lobster restaurants operated that day. it was a pub style, full of guests. we ordered 2 sets of lobster meal- 1 pound lobster, of half steamed, half grilled. i like both cooking style, and really love the butter garlic sauce. we also shared a hawaii cooler, a bigger glass than my face! the drink is alcohol free, like a mixer soft drink with lychee, pineapple and cherry. service guys are really nice and always smiling and welcome to explain the menu. even though it was the most expensive meal we had in london, but we really enjoyed it. anyway, it is fresh lobster, of course it costs more than lettuce! the lobster was well cooked and you can ask for it to be either steamed or grilled. i had the grilled chick lobster which was delicious, but the shell was still on and i wasn't given any utensils to open it, so it was a little difficult to eat. so i saw this on yelp and impulsively decided to come here and had a 31.5 lunch with a soft drink. i ordered the lobster roll and it comes with small salad and fries. the lobster meat is fresh and delicious. salad and fries were done well too. portion of the food is big enough. however, for 31.5 which is us$40.6, is a little too crazy for a sandwich... it's still a popular restaurant i believe but i came here at 1.30pm so there was no line. that one star off is really for the price tag even in london standard. i wasn't expecting this place to be any good as i heard a lot of complaints about it from friends. but it turned out rather well when i took a mate, whom only just arrived from france there as he wanted to try the place out.we both ordered the classic lobster with fries and a beer. to my surprise, the lobster came quickly and it was soft and tender. the opposite to what i was told numerous times by friends. waiting staff were friendly and welcoming too. maybe because we came in the afternoon when the restaurant was not at full capacity. will definitely come back again for another try. excellent lobster roll, and not overly buttered. solid chain restaurant. 20 for the set. we all agreed, the lobster roll taste much better than the burger. they have a separate menu of cocktails that they recommend to have with your burger or your lobster roll. didn't get to try any, but my friends said they were goodi'd come back for a lobster roll if i was in the area, but i'd rather go to byron's for a burger. overall - 3*food - 3*venue - 3*service - 3*value - 3.5*the menu at b&l is no surprise, lobster in various ways and beef burger for those not into crustaceans. the venue resembles an american diner, and is good for groups. service is mixed. the front-of-house was rather unfriendly and unhelpful, but the waiting staff made up for it.the lobster is either steamed or grilled, and served split with shell intact or in a brioche bun with sides of fries and salad. the lobster tends to be slightly overdone and on the dry side. they used to offer unlimited fries and salad but not anymore. however, it is still pretty good value for money overall. good burger, good lobsters, good price for burger and lobster. not a bad place to stop in for a meal solo or with a group. if you're travelling solo, sit at the bar. service was good, food came fairly quick. i had the burger and lobster and it was decent but next time i'll try their whole lobsters on its own as i hear that's good. people alway tell me that b&l is a must try in london! to be honest, it was pretty average for me. i've ordered the combination platter that comes with a burger and a lobster with fries and salad as sides so that i can try both things at once. it cost 32 for the platter. it would be wise to add either cheese or bacon in the burger as its pretty plain. the cheese add in flavors and it's nice to eat it while it's warm as it melts. i've asked for half grill half steam for the lobster and i enjoyed the grilled lobster better as it had more flavor with it. the special sauce goes well with the lobster and i've added more to the steam lobster to give it more taste. fries were average as well, and kinda soggy. the service is great as the workers there are nice and energetic! make sure to make reservation to avoid the long line, and be there early as they are very strict on their reservation policy. nice (but weird :) concept: either you eat a burger, of a lobster. or a mix.my friends took for 19  grilled lobster and the other one a steamed one. it seems that the steamed one is less dry.salad aside is really good. french fries without interest: not homemade.i took the lobster burger. first surprise: it's with brie so i ask without.i hoped to really have a lobster burger but it's just the 10 burger with a little lobster on top, so few that you can't taste eat (i est it separately to actually have the taste). not worth the 9 on top of the classical burger (that is really good though). paying 19 (so same price that the lobster alone) was not worth it.if you go there, either take a classical burger or lobster. don't mix :)service not that good (many mistakes were done) and not very quick.great location. my husband and i enjoyed this restaurant on our vacation. the best burger i have ever had. the best cocktails! the lobster was perfectly prepared, grilled.the service was very attentive and friendly. so you get three menu choices here: 10pound beef burger, steamed or grilled lobster or lobster roll. that's it, but that is more than a enough, believe me. the menu at the table is a drinks menu. the three choices i mentioned above, all come with fries and salad.there's no reservations here, or rather just turn up early out your name down and wait an hour. but it's soho you'll find someplace to waste an hour in. we turned up after our hour and there was plenty of space, but still busy and loud. we ordered beer and el presidente cocktail. the waiter brought our my cocktail in a manner that which he told us he was el presidente. hmph.the lobster was very good, just so very much to eat. i nominated my partner to do all the hard labour of cracking the claws which had pre cuts in it to assist with the cracking. the lobster was cut into two halves each so you've got more than your fair share to somehow eat that all up.the waiter was friendly and prompt always checking in on us for some reason like we were going to implode at the table from lobster meat.they provide a bib and all the utensils required when eating this type of seafood. i tried to see if any tables nearby had ordered the burger or roll but it seems the lobster is the most popular.either way i would recommend to others but i'm not sure i'm strong enough to go again anytime soon.	1	1	1	0	0
 let me start this review by saying i am no indian food expert. i grew up in the midwest bible belt of the united states and our idea of ethnic food was a sweet and sour chinese buffet. when i moved to chicago, i got my first taste of authentic indian spices and fell in love. i was shocked to hear when i booked our honeymoon to london that some of the best indian food was here. i was prepared for that whole fish and chips vibe, not punjabi.we stayed near the aldgate station area so this place was conveniently located to our hotel, plus it had some of the best reviews in the entire city. also, when we arrived it had almost no tourists (aside from us) which is always a huge selling point for me. first piece of advice, grab a reservation. i was lucky and found something but just barely. even with reservations we still waited for 15 minutes. we had the karahi and spinach paneer with a billion orders of naan. it's difficult to mess up naan, but this was some of the best i've had. also, whatever yogurt dip they brought, please bottle this and ship it to the u.s. so i can eat it on everything. i had my eyes on the dry meat but the portions were huge and we couldn't handle more. the table next to us ordered some kind of meat dish that practically covered their table and i feel like i could have gotten down with that if i hadn't filled my mouth with endless naan. these were like, body building men three times the size of me though. what an adventure!okay, here's the deal. this is the place to hit for amazing kebabs and grilled meat. interestingly, these are all items you will find in their appetizer section. the actual entrees are your typical bengladeshi/pakistani/india fare, but not particularly memorable. stick to the grilled stuff and you will be very pleased and the naan are fresh. the seekh kebabs, chicken tikka, and lamb chops were all great!so, the food really hits the spot and there's no argument there. the prices are also very reasonable for london. as for the service/seating experience, that's where it hurts. you can make reservations online through their website. however, if you arrive on a weekend night like we did, you will be greeted by an unhappy mob of people overflowing out the entry room of the restaurant into the street. there is one guy from the restaurant running around trying to get people to form into a serpentine line and manage the flow. when you inform him about your reservation, he will simply say, "online reservation, no reservation. only phone reservation." when you show him your confirmation of the reservation, he basically will tell you a bunch of rude stuff that doesn't make any sense and tell you to get in line with all the people who don't have a reservation. as you may have noted from other reviews, they basically don't honor reservations. i got the idea that there was a mild chance they might honor a phone reservation, though even that was somewhat doubtful. from all appearances, the wait even at off times on a weekend evening could run into the 1-2 hour range. when we arrived, it was definitely around two hours wait. we saw many other people arrive and have the exact same issue. this restaurant basically lures people in with seemingly available reservations and then blindsides them with a huge 2 hour wait on arrival. they had no apologies and seemed to imply that everyone who made a reservation had done something wrong.part of the popularity is that they don't serve alcohol, but they allow you to bring your own. given the cost savings, it is a hugely popular destination among the drinking crowd. this is what we gathered while we waited. we had little children in our party, it was already 9:30pm when we arrived, everyone was starving, we had cabbed all the way across from the other side of london only because of this reservation and not wanting to wait at something closer, and this bait and switch with the reservation was not something we were going to let slide. after intermittently hassling the front man for about 45 minutes, he somehow squeezed us into a small table downstairs and allowed us to skip out on what appeared to be at least another 60-90 minute wait otherwise. end note: grilled food is solid if you can get in there somehow. just be prepared for 3rd world shenanigans! again, for a 30 minute wait or if they actually honor your reservation, probably worth it. otherwise, you may be disappointed. i take people visiting london to tayyabs for multiple reasons:- it's a bit off the beaten path, so not many tourists would think to go here. - they have delicious indian food, with a ton of meat and vegetarian options.- the prices are so good.- it's byob, so you can bring whatever drinks you want! - it's incredibly popular, which could be a negative for some as there's usually a line, but it's fast and efficient, and always loud and fun. - they take reservations, so you actually can't complain about the line! - meat eaters are always ordering the ribs, and they look fun because they come out on this crazy sizzling platter! so, you should probs try them if you're into that. i love this place, and i will continue to come here with friends. they're mixed veggie curries, dahl curries, garlic naan, and samosas do not disappoint. the food is good but don't go here- they sat us at a table and provided us water and dips without telling us they were going to charge 12 for these. when we got the bill and i questioned it they tried to say they sat us in a "vip room". everyone else not in this room got tap water and dips for free, but in the "special" room they charge you for bottled mineral water and dips without your knowledge. basically they take advantage of young people, tourists, and non-ethnic groups by charging them more and proceeding to treat them like shit. tayyabs serves some of the best punjabi food i've ever eaten - all at a very affordable price. prepare to salivate upon entering the restaurant, as you are greeted with whiffs of aromatic spices and sizzling meats. my friends and i arrived at 17:30 for an early sunday dinner, and got seated immediately. throughout the meal, none of us could stop raving about how much we were enjoying the copious amount of meats and carbs on the table. discovering that each of us only had to pay 10.55 by the end of it only bolstered our newfound love for this restaurant.// spicy popadoms ($2.40 / 3 pcs) - 4 stars// chicken tikka ($3.40 / 5 pcs) - 4 stars// lamb chops ($7 / 4 pcs) - 5 stars// dry meat ($8.50 small / $16.80 large) - 5 stars// sunday daily speciality: chicken biriyani ($7.25) - 5 stars// garlic naan ($2.20) - 4 stars // tandoori roti (90p) - 4 stars this is hands down the best pakistani food i've had outside of my moms cooking. we got an order of mixed grill appetizer, karahi chicken and karahi gosht. everything was simply delicious. the naans were fresh and fluffy. next time i'm in london i will be stopping by. the only pitfall is service is a little slow but that seemed to be the case everywhere i went abroad. during my short stay in london, i heavily relied on yelp to hit up all the best spots. we came here on my last night in london and i was extremely disappointed. maybe because it was a sunday late night and the quality plummeted but i couldn't shake off the bad experience. after reading that it was best to make a reservation, my friend booked the night before. we arrived approximately 45minutes before our reservation time and the lobby was packed. it was hectic and chaotic. i know this place gets busy so we already leveled our expectations prior to coming here. however, there was no clear line in the lobby - we couldn't figure out which queue was for walk-ins or which area was for reservations. we tried to ask a host multiple times where and how we check in if we already made a reservation. he pointed us to stand in line with everyone else. i understand this is a busy restaurant but customer service was extremely lacking. the lines were not efficient. all this waiting gave me time to people-watch...cleanliness was a huge thumbs-down. the tables weren't properly wiped down - there were still food crumbs on the tables before the waiters would hide it under the paper place mats. i saw a waiter use the same hand he was cleaning the table to deliver a stack of naans - placing his thumb on top of the naans to hold them down during transfer. that was gross!! now the food: complimentary salad and appetizers were appreciated. the food was good but not outstanding. we had a chicken and dried meat dish with rice, roti, and naan to share between two people and it was plenty! their meat dishes were on the slightly salty side but that's just for me. my friend thoroughly enjoyed the flavors. i dream about their garlic naan to this day. they charge for the bottled water fyi. overall, this place was not for me because of the terrible customer service. maybe if i had went when it wasn't so busy, the experience would've been different. but for now, i don't think i'd recommend this spot. wow this place is crowded! fortunately, it was only the 2 of us so we were seated immediately. overall the food was great and price was awesome. i'm just disappointed in the service because it took us at least an hour to get our food! after about 30 minutes of waiting, we tried to flag down a couple of waiters to see where our food was at but they would just glance and walk past us. finally one guy was nice enough to stop (although disgruntled that he had to); we advised him we were still waiting on the lamb and he responded very confused saying "there are no orders for this table." what?! by the time we finally got our last dish it was like 10 pm and we've been starving since 8. also some warning, the restaurant doesn't have a good vent system and everyone's ordering the grilled lamb, so expect to walk out smelling like a bbq. the best pakistani food you will have outside of pakistan, you will not get anything close to this type of food in america. in the states, normal folks don't come out to pakistani/indian food but it was definitely a nice surprise to see how much the english love desi food. i first came here on a tuesday afternoon which was quiet dead so we got our food quick and were in and out. we had ordered tandoori chicken, chicken karahi, lamb chops, and naan...holy crap was it good!we tried coming back about 10 days later on a saturday night and the line was out the door, about 30 people deep so we went to lahore kebab house instead. the next day we came and got the tandoori chicken, seekh kebab, lamb chops, goat karahi, biryani, and kulfi. i would low key pass on the biryani cause they got some weird raisins in it and it seemed just not traditional in both pakistani and indian dishes. the service is really great, throw some urdu in and they will love you. we need this quality of food in the u.s asap! **cash only!**a friend had mentioned that there's often a long queue and that we were very lucky to get in so quickly. perhaps i had built up the hype too much, because i truthfully wasn't super impressed. the garlic naan cooled quickly, and was served prior to our meal so i had nothing to soak up my food (perhaps poor planning on my part.) it had a good number of vegetarian dishes for a reasonable price, but nothing that really stood out for me. all in all would say ... yummy stop if no queue, but not worth the wait. second time coming here. it's so well seasoned.made reservations for 6pm a week before arrival. place wasn't as busy, quieter and able to have conversation. ordered rice, chicken tikka, chicken tandoori and karahi chicken. wasn't able to finish everything, leftovers! why this place has such good reviews, i'm not sure. i've been to india many times, i've eaten amazing indian food in london. rasa, dishoom, woodlands, even our local bangalore express in the city beat tayyabs hands down. this is fusion food at best. i came here with my partner on a recommendation. we had a reservation but there was a huge line outside, which we took as a good sign. that said, it was quite annoying eating beside a huge line. if people don't reserve in advance, i think it would be reasonable to ask them to wait outside so as not to ruin other diners' experience.popadoms and dips came to our table quickly, but everything else was quite slow. they were the best part of the meal.we ordered the paneer tikka, naan, rice, chana masala, pumpkin curry and paneer masala. all tasted overwhelmingly of pepper and every dish was extremely oily. the paneer tikka tasted bland, unseasoned and arrived burnt. our naan was cold and chewy--not fresh. no complex spice combinations, no warmth, just a sharp peppery flavour. i wonder whether this place paid lonely planet or another guide book to promote the restaurant, because it certainly isn't even on a parr with the moderately good indian offerings in the capital. one of the bets kababs i had!! food was amazing! spicy but good what a random find! we were walking by and had to come in because the food smelled so intensely good!we were not wrong!we got an order of lamb chops, chicken tikka, and a shish kabab along with rice pilaf and traditional naan. it was delicious!the meat came on a sizzling pan, the naan was freshly made and so warm when it came out.the very best thing was actually was the mango lassi! we got a whole pitcher for 5 and it was sooo good!go check it out! loved this place !loved the lamb shanks. its a huge place with plenty of seating. we got the lamb shanks and keema. everything was good. will certainly recommend this place ! terrible service and mediocre food. chicken dish was dry, lamb chops were ok - pretty average fare to be honest. they'll also try to pull the "we don't accept card" trick on you, but they definitely do, so just tell them you don't have cash. quite a spacious restaurant with indian menu and a variety of sweet drinks and desserts you can choose. the food tasted pretty good but the portions ended up at an a-ok. we ordered the curry-like menus but would like to try the other meat/rib-like menus (not sure what they're called). tasty punjabi food in a perpetually packed (and loud) restaurant. i've loved every single thing i've tried off their menu, but there is very minimal service and can be a little slow sometimes. a punjabi restaurant still running since it opened in 1972.the decor was modern and comfortable with it's leather chairs. tables were of solid oak filled with a jug of water.make sure you make a reservation. even with two floors the place was quickly filled and a long queue formed. noise levels got a bit high but service didn't let us down. there are so many waiting staff employed in a restaurant but they needed it here to keep things organised and in control.saladservice was quick. as we sat down, a free salad was delivered to us. it was simple. not much umami from the tomatoes but at least it was all freshly cut. poppadomsanother lady was very cheeky and placed a plate of plain and spicy poppadom in front of us and asked if we wanted it. we assumed it was free as well so took it until we found out in the bill that we were in fact charged 80p for one.both were thin, crispy and light enough to enjoy before the meal. the spicy one definitely had a nice edge to it but not exactly 'spicy'. it came with three different dips to enjoy them which we didn't really use so can't comment.vegetable samosathe pastry itself was a bit more crunchy than i'm used to but it worked really well against the soft juicy filling. more flavours and spices seeping through each bite and becoming more and more apparent in its hear. there was some complex spicy savoury flavours and textures from the range of vegetables in there.lamb chopsnot the most tender and some quite tough but i think it's all about appreciating the flavours here. it's obvious that these had been marinating for quite a while, releasing a rich in depth spicy kick as you gnaw on them with nice undertones of sweetness from the lamb itself. great stuff for those who are willing to use their hands and teeth.seekh kebabanother item i saw on everyone's plate. these were incredible, packed full of spices and herbs. you can imagine the exploding sensation of all those different spices on your tongue as you slowly chew on it. it was incredibly juicy and tender and grilled perfectlypeshwari naandelicious stretchy light buttery bread filled with a delicious mix of minced up nuts, desiccated coconut and sugar. it was a great side dish to counteract the spiciness of the food with its nice mix of sweetness and nuttiness which is accentuated further by the roasted sesame seeds on topkahari chicken. lovely caramelised onions offsetting a nice sweetness against the rich spicy umami tomato sauce. it felt like it had been simmering for ages from the complex savouries and spices i was getting. the chicken although a bit dry, took on a lot of the flavour in the process and there was enough sauce to aid it with moisture. didn't waste a single bit of sauce and enjoyed it greatly with rice.methi aloo gajar. described as fenugreek, potatoes and carrots we were only given one piece of carrot. nevertheless it was amazing stuff. delicious chargrilled aromas throughout the whole dish being cooked in the karahi (small wok). the potatoes were incredibly fluffy, taking in the lovely array of spices and the fenugreek flavour which gave it a lovely rounded sweetness with a slight bitterness undertone.saag meat. sadly the lamb fails to remain juicy and bouncy inside. it became dry and rough on the tongue but it was still soft and tooth tender. it was more about the simmering process of all the spices, lamb and spinach coming together. the lovely creaminess created as a result of the overly wilted spinach, wrapping round each piece of meat, aiding it in moisture. they achieve something that usually requires cream but this was obviously lighter. not overly spicy but enough herbs in there to keep your tongue buzzing in its complexitypilau rice this was lovely and cooked al dente. subtle aromas of spices and not too buttery either.rasgulaa rolled up ball of an indian soft cottage cheese, almost like a sponge soaking a vast about of sweet syrup inside, releasing it as you bite into it. it was incredibly sweet, texture slightly crumbly.rasmalaiagain like a sponge but this time saturated with the milk its bathed in. made of a soft cheese it was incredibly light and crumbly and gave it the ability to soak and release the sweet spice milk once devoured. the milk itself was delicious, beautiful aromas of cardamom, rose water and a sweet nuttiness from the pistachios.great meal although things could have been better. firstly they were quite sly in selling us the poppadoms by just placing it on our table. it's also a very loud place to make conservation. to keep things cheap they don't use the highest quality of meats which means some can be tough or dry. however there was nothing that couldn't be chewed through, just requires a bit of bite and patience. the quality of this restaurant lies in the rich marinates and flavours produced. it is all very budget friendly for the portion given. might be a long wait to be seated but once in service is quick. the line was ridiculously long. instead of taking names, you have to stand on line. after 45 minutes to an hour of waiting, we were seated. food was tasty. lamb chops were full of spice. with all the awards on the walls, i thought this would be mind-blowingly good, but we've had better indian food from smaller joints. as mentioned in other reviews, downstairs they tell you the credit card machine doesn't work. when we were first sat, the host told us "all you have to do is come upstairs." once the check came, our waiter got very angry when we said we only had credit, and the guy upstairs said it was ok. finally he allowed us to go upstairs and use their credit card machine which worked perfectly. this really ruined the end of the night. this place never disappoints - the currys are great, would particularly recommend the dry lamb, lamb chops, spinach and paneer curry as well as the pashwari naan. it's byob which is an added bonus! anyone else feel that the quality has gone down and that they are rushing you in and out when dining there?a bunch of friends booked a sunday lunch time here and to be honest it was not as busy as it is during weekdays... it's carnage during weekdays!the starters or shall i say the mixed grill starter was the only saving grace as the meat was cooked, tasted great and got us excited for more. well it got pretty no-frills after that (as advertised) where the meat was chewy and spices were a hit and miss. the pumpkin curry was not bad but still room for improvement. now what irritates me the most is when they advertise mango lassi as a lassi when actually has no lassi like ingredients and is just a mango milkshake.i remember coming here many years ago and coming out satisfied by experience and taste and that's all gone down the drain. rant over! this has to be, by far, the best indian i have had in london up to now. it was recently voted within the top 10 restaurants in london and you can totally see why. we were lucky enough to have a table reserved for a large group, if we hadn't we would have been queuing for hours as with the other 100 or so people waiting. the waiters are attentive and very quick with their service, even if slightly rude at times but it is understandable when you're dealing with a bunch of large rowdy groups!now to the food! we ordered their special - dry meat with sides of saag paneer, dahl and peshwari nan. the meat was lamb and it was truly fantastic. cooked to be perfectly tender and juicy, it went down a treat and i couldn't get enough. the sides too were delicious, the only downside however was that there wasn't enough paneer in the saag which was a slight let down but in honesty i just cannot fault this place for the taste, quality and authenticity of the indian food. i will most definitely be back to try some more dishes :) well, if you're coming here for a spicy curry you'll be disappointed, since the place focuses on punjabi food which although aromatic and full of spices, but tends to be on the milder end of things.we've tried the lamb chops + seekh kebab starter. those were simply heavenly. i can't even start to describe how good they were.i also ordered the karahi ghosht, which turned out a milder than i expected, but had a fantastic blend of spices and aroma.my experience overall was fantastic, and much better than the sought-after curry houses of brick lane. we got here a bit late after our reservation and they almost gave the table away. very busy. probably because of being too busy we waited more than an hour for the food. when they served the food we had to wait 15 minutes for the rice. by the time the rice got served the food was cold and not enjoyable at all. i can say the food is veey good but as first experience i wasn't that excited i'd heard a lot before my visit here. unfortunately it doesn't live up to the hype.tayyabs is a cheap indian restaurant in whitechapel. they have a great byob policy, so you can pick up some drinks from the nearby tesco to go with your meal.there are some nice touches. when ordering the staff member will attempt to remember your order in their head. given how busy they are, it's not a fool-proof tactic and the attempt to look smart often backfires as they'll often forget something from your order. the guys who are good at it however can indeed remember 16 diner's orders without getting anything wrong.starters are brought to you table which you might assume are complimentary, but you're charged for the poppadums and dip. that's a big disappointing, but in fairness they do ask you if you'd like it first instead of just plopping it on your table.order is quick and food brought to you table as soon as it's ready. given the small table space fitting everything can be like solving a puzzle. the food is average. they're supposedly famous for the lamb shanks, but i wasn't impressed. the meat is tough and often burnt. the currys are small in portion given the prices. the starters are actually more filling. definitely focus more on the naan breads than the rice, as again the portions are small.there's a lot of potentially like about tayyabs. however when it comes down to execution. it falls flat. prices are definitely reasonable, but it strangely still doesn't feel like good value for money after the meal. there are plenty of better places. i have to start by saying that the restaurant experience is not only the food that is being served, and i understand that this place is no fine dining but the noise level & stress wasn't something i could handle! we had a booking on friday night & we walked in only to see that not only they have a full house ( the place is huge) but about another 50 ppl waiting in unbearable heat & noise & everyone was running after the guy trying to show him their reservation & get a table & he would tell everyone wait there 5 min! but it actually amazed me how he remembered everyone not having any kind of system!!anyway we got a table after less than half an hour running after different waiters, all very friendly & attentive by the way even if they have sooo much to do!the meal came in a blink of an eye but it was not very pleasant to eat in that stressful environment & heat & smell from the open kitchen ( everything we had on, stinks now!) the funniest thing of all was the ppl that walked in with so much alcohol in their hands & then we understood that since they are not serving any alcohol everyone buys their own from tesco just a min away. prices was incredibly cheap but the food didn't impress me that much! awesome indian/pakistani food in the heart of london. i am glad i made a reservation a week in advance or else it will be at least an hour wait. food was finger licking good, spicy and full of flavors. we got the mixed grill meat platter (highly recommend it if you want to try everything), chicken tiki marsala, lamb curry, garlic naan, peshwari naan, lamb chops, mango lassi popsicles, etc. tip: forget about your expensive cashmere or trench coat at home. expect to smell like meat when you come out of the restaurant as the grill meat comes in a sizzling hot pan. its so worth it tho. the waiter told us its cash only but they totally accepted our credit card. not exactly sure why he told us that. perhaps to avoid credit card transaction fees =p just something to keep in mind. good indian restaurant with tasty food at reasonable prices. good for (large) groups.a good thing is to order a few starters and large mains and share everything with some naan and rice. service is ok, two things to know if you're coming to this place. it's byob and get the grilled lamb chop!keema nan is better than their garlic nan, it has some minced lamb meat in it. mango lassi is also pretty decent if you want a non-alcoholic drink. everything else i tried was just ok... chicken tikka, masala fish, tandoori chicken, karahi chicken all came out really dry. karahi lamb is better. the portion's quite big so try not to order too much or bring more friends to share.	1	0	1	0	0
 probably the best burger i've had in england. competes with byron, shake shack and five guys but is a league higher. the main difference is the quality of the meat, it is a real steak burger. they also default to medium (on the medium rare side), which i rarely get in the uk. it was the perfect burger. i had the honest burger, which included cheese, a nice onion relish, bacon (not overpowering), pickles and lettuce (which i didn't notice, but that is a plus). also includes rosemary chips (fries for my american friends), which were crispy and had a nice distinctive rosemary taste. i was a little disappointed in the onion rings, they just did not have much flavor. the burger, though, earns five stars on its own. good honest beef, in a no-frills package!choose your meat (chicken or beef), pick your veggies and toppings - or select one of the house recommendations. for example; my wife chose the tribute burger, and i ate the honest burger. both were excellent! there was a slight smell of pork coming from the bacon, but don't let that trick you - the patties were all beef! the chips were good, the veggies were fresh, and the burgers were filling. if you are trying to gain weight; you can order double meat & cheese!standard soft drinks available, as well as limited bar options. the honest cup was a vodka drink similar to the live-child from a mule and a mojito. i recommend this drink! quick service, and low prices. try 'em out! the london burger scene has improved dramatically over the years, and while honest burgers is one of those spots that represents the city's budding burger scene, even honest burgers still falls flat in the category that burgers back in the states are quickly mastering: patty flavor. star 1: how were the service and atmosphere?with a reputation for having the best burgers in the city (next to patty and bun and maybe some byron locations), honest can play host to some significant lines, but on a saturday night i only had to wait shy of fifteen minutes before i had my takeaway burger. service is friendly and accommodating, and the location prime just off the main strip away from the noise and drunk folks. star granted. star 2: how were the portions relative to the cost?i'm honestly teetering a bit with this one. for years now i've said that no fast casual burger should ever exceed $15.00 (11.61 gbp as of august 2016). my hometown burger at honest came to $16.10 usd, although to be entirely fair it was the menu special that was priced at a significant premium. it wasn't a big burger, but given it was a special i can really only fault myself here. star granted. stars 3 and 4: how was the food?as i alluded to earlier, everything about this burger was good right up until the patty. the bun? well proportioned, buttery, and fluffy but not to the point of being obtrusive and distracting. the toppings? marvelous - with bacon, smoked something or another, lettuce, and melted cheese that came together brilliantly. but then, when everything seemed in place as though a london burger joint would finally compete with what's commonplace stateside, the patty fell flat. walk into a stateside burger kitchen and you'll see salt, pepper, onions, paprika, chorizo, and all kinds of other goodies being grilled right into the raw meat as it evolves into a patty. the result is often a patty so flavorful that you don't even need toppings; and in my opinion that's the measure of a truly special burger. in contrast, my burger patty at honest fell flat, and was essentially tasteless without help from the toppings. so close!single star granted. star 5: would you eat here every day if you could?all honest has to do is flavor up their patties and we'll have a winner. until then, not so much. no star granted. i read about honest burgers in an article highlighting the best burgers in london and how they differed from burgers in ny. what's the difference? burgers in london are known to be simple, just your beef patty, lettuce, tomato, and bacon so that the quality of beef is highlighted, while ny burgers are known for speciality toppings and sauces. honest burgers is exactly the epitome of what london burgers are acclaimed to be. the patty wasn't seasoned, which you would assume would be bland, but it was actually the opposite. the burger was so flavorful and dripping in its juices. you were able to taste the pure beefiness. add the perfectly seasoned rosemary fries and you have a complete meal! also, another thing to note about the burgers in london - you don't feel guilty and weighed down while devouring it and after you finished your meal. it's a win -win situation in my books! honest burgers is better than honest.the meat is delicious, the fries are crispy, the terrace on a sunny day is lovely ! the staff is super nice and of very good advise. try their hawaiian beer, it has a passion fruit twist which is to die for !best burger in london so far ! i love honest burger. even though it's a chain now, it's a pretty fantastic chain. the honest burger is a burger done to perfection, with rosemary chips and just a bit of condiments. i love a good burger, honestly, and this is honestly a good burger. honest! is it's the best burger ever? no, sadly, but it's still pretty damn good. the beer selection could be improved, but if you're here for just the beer you're making a huge mistake. get the honest burger. get some chips. especially for the price, it's pretty amazing. this place gets high marks for value-for-money. the burgers include a generous portion of rosemary chips for under 10 pounds. however, i'm not a huge fan of the burgers themselves. the onion relish is painfully sweet. not the kind of sweetness that you can get from caramelizing onions, but rather the kind you get from adding a ton of sugar. it ruins what is otherwise a decent, but not great burger. the meat is in a nice thick patty, but not nearly the flavor of shake shake.i've had problems with incorrect orders and then when it was fixed the plate came out with the original portion of chips, now stone cold. it was corrected eventually, but frustrating nonetheless. let me just start by saying amazing burger and chips (chips aka "french fries" "fries"). i was walking through soho london and i saw this on yelp! and i really wanted to try this place out out. so it's my last day here i walk in and i see theres 3 types of burgers you can get. chicken / beef / vegetables. you know im a little t-rex so i had to go with the beef. it comes with beef, red onion, smoked bacon, matured cheddar, pickled cucumber and lettuce. your order automatically comes with a side of rosemary chips. its actually huge as i could not finish all my chips.the burger was fantastic, big juicy patty it looked to be 1/4 - 1/2 lb. they cook it how you want so i asked for medium. all the ingredients in the burger are so tasty the fat pieces of bacon, the pickled cucumber, cheddar, red onion, gives it an amazing savory / delicious / a tiny hint of sweetness taste as you eat this. after taking my first bite you know when you just shake your head like yeah this is good this is good this is really good.. and you don't say a word and continue to demolish your meal, thats what this was.the rosemary chips were a perfect compliment to the meal and it was delicious!also look how they put the straw in my coke can, they bent the opening tab thing forward instead of how we usually put it towards the back and stuck my straw through there. these english people.. they're on to something mate....! quick review:+ great burgers+ friendly staff+ local ale (bottled) and cocktail selection+ gluten free buns available- small venuefull review:i visited honest burgers on saturday lunch time. we got there at the perfect time and didn't have to wait for a table for four, but noticed as we were leaving that a long queue has formed, so arrive early!the menu is simple. order a burger and it comes with rosemary-flavoured chips. beef burger is the star, although there are chicken and veggie varieties, plus gluten-free buns too. you can configure your burgers as you like it (medium rare? extra patties? curry sauce? no problem!)there's also a good selection of drinks, including local ale (bottled) and cocktails to wash down the burgers and chips. great spot for quickly refuelling if you are nearby. it may look like a regular slab of junk food, complete with token stars and stripes flag poking out of the top, but this bad boy is anything but re-constituted junk. the restaurant uses rare breed aged beef sourced from the cream of the bovine crop, ginger pig farm, and you can tell. holy cow, it's good. great burgers and fries. i am still looking for the aloha beer i ordered in stores, as it was one of the best i've ever had. this place was great. bathrooms could be a little cleaner but overall everything else was great. i'm not a burger person but it was amazing. heard really good things about honest burger but for me it just tasted like every other mid range burger. they must be something right though with all the new chains they've opened up! the tribute burger i got was juicy. so juicy that my hands smelt of burger juice the whole night. but for me the flavours and textures were not there. the best burger i've tasted is sketch's beef foie gras burger which doesn't have the standard mince beef texture and so really i probably just don't like burgers and probably shouldn't really be writing burger reviews. fantastic restaurant! they were so accommodating for my boyfriend's gluten and dairy allergies. the staff was communicative and kind. i had the christmas special burger and a cider and it was fantastic! great place for people with or without food allergies. yay for gluten free options! the buns, the fried, even the onion rings,oh my!first time coming here so i figured i'd go for the signature burger 'honest' and it was cooked to a perfect medium rare.the fries were probably one of my favorite so far. we also got the onion rings and honestly.. i could go without the pool of grease they came with.. they also had thyme in the coating which was surprising. another surprise was the bubbly lemonade, didn't expect that :)overall amazing service and delicious food with gluten free options! really solid burgers. what made this place a stand out was how gluten friendly they were. everything on the menu is gluten free (including the onion rings). the only things that have gluten are the buns (packed separately) and beer. this location is also super close to theaters for a pre theater dinner. great service. really good food. burgers were cooked at medium and were juicy. chips were crisp and tasty. highly recommend. i'd say if you're looking for a good burger, honest burgers is a failsafe option. now, on the other hand, if you're a burger-obsessed fiend with crazy high standards on this comfort-food favourite, i'd still say it's fine, but you may be ever so slightly underwhelmed if you've come here based on the general hype that these are "the best burgers ever". i don't really have much to say about this place other than that the food was good, the prices were fair, there was a good selection of burgers on the menu catering to all food eaters, our waitress was lovely and considering how busy it is, you don't have to wait too long for your food (if you don't count the waiting time to queue to get in that is!) my only criticism is that if you're a gin lover and happen to order one of the gin-based drinks, don't get your hopes up too much, they're fairly average-tasting. i've read a lot about honest and because i am a big burger fan i decided to go there and check it out.we went there by 8 pm (four people) and had to wait about 20 minutes (it's easier to get a table with only few people). the waitresses were really nice and friendly and we got onion rings for free because of the long wait.ambience is great and i felt really comfortable. everything is set up really nice so there is nothing to argue about. food is great as well! i've never eaten rosemary chips before but they are really delicious as well as the burger itself. size and taste of the burger ( i had the honest burger) were great and nobody was worried because of the waiting.the guys are really friendly and i'll definitely come back! honestly one of the best burger i could eat so far! :) delicious meat, tasty buns, perfectly baked rosemary fries (definitely the "petit plus"), original drinks and friendly staff: sounds like this formula works as there is always people waiting for the next available table at honest. they also play the "organic" and "hipster atmosphere" cards, which makes you even happier to eat there.last good point: prices! even for being in the middle of london (that is clearly not the cheapest town around) prices are really reasonable, as you can count your burger/fries/drink for less than 15.looking forward to my next london trip, be sure i'll pass by honest! great burger joint in soho i was delighted to find on a very busy day of touristing around the city.wonderful decor and great music (not too loud) playing. friendly staff and reasonable prices.i got an honest burger with rosemary fries, it arrived quickly and it was absolutely delicious. the fries were unique and the burger was bursting with flavour. i highly recommend the honest burgers menu is pretty simple - choice of three burgers: beef, chicken or vegetable. each burger also comes with rosemary salted chips.honest burger (10.50) - contains beef, red onion relish, smoked bacon, mature cheddar, pickled cucumber, lettuce. a truly simple burger with strong bold flavours. the beef patty itself had a crisp outer layer giving the whole burger a nice smokey flavour and the red onion relish had a sweet caramel taste.tribute burger (10.50) - beef, bacon, american cheese, burger sauce, french mustard, pickles, onion and lettuce. bit of a mouthful to describe this burger, but all the different flavours worked perfectly together! special burger (12.50) - so special it even has it's own menu plaque! this consisted of cajun beef, smoked bacon, fried onions, american cheese, smoked ketchup, pickles. smokey is definitely a word to describe this awesome burger. honestly good!!! loved the juicy patty and nice bun to go along with it. :) rosemary fries come with the burger too!! nom nom!!a must go. the single best veggie burger i have ever hadno joke. i love a burger, but between fish and chips and all the burger joints the group of students i was with wanted to dine at, i absolutely had to get some veggies! enter honest burgers. this is a chain. a very, very good chain. this location is tiny, but cozy and warm and welcoming. i ordered this rocking veggie burger -- more like a veggie fritter and it was amazing. coincidentally served with an equally amazing yogurt-based sauce that was a little cool to the little bit of spice in the fritter. it was the perfect pairing. i would be willing to place a bet on the high quality of the beef burgers served here based solely on the attention paid to the non-beef eaters choosing to eat at a place with meat in the title if that makes sense. vegetarians would naturally not be drawn to a place called honest burgers is what i'm getting at here, so why would a burger restaurant take so much care with a veggie burger? because they actually care and if they actually care, then all of their products are going to be delicious because that love goes into the quality and preparation of the food which makes it all taste that much better. oh, and try the honest signature cocktail for something new and refreshing. great place to have a burger in london. we loved it. if you prefer your burgers to be cooked well make sure to let them know. all burgers are served pretty rare but that is their style. fantastic place. one of the best places i went to while in london. honest. :-) yes, amidst all of london's cosmopolitan flavors, a burger joint was one of the best places. they did it right. also, get the cole slaw. it's great. yum. probably the best burger i've ever had. chips are a bit funky as i don't like rosemary, but other than that the food and drinks were flawless.would have been 5* if it wasn't for the long wait. brilliant burger! as an american and avid burger lover i have found that often when traveling most burgers miss the mark...not so much here at honest. we happened upon this lovely place while heading back to the tube, i'm glad we decided to stop in! great beer selection, lovely little place, with amazingly attentive service, and equally amazing burgers! special for me (avocado burger, seriously who in their right mind passes up tomato and avocado on a burger)!?!? drink: kentucky tea sour. cute little place. food was good. the applejuice was sour. they changed it for me to lemonade, but it was made with carbonated water which was also weird. overall a good experience. this place was delicious! i ordered the honest burger and it came with fries. it was cooked a perfect medium and was super juicy. i cant remember if the meat was organic, but i'm going to pretend it was. service was excellent and we didn't have to wait long for a table. this was a great first meal in london.	1	0	1	0	1
 i haven't been to london in over 15 years and i don't remember having fish and chips the first time i came. the mrs. was able to look up this fantastic spot, the mayfair chippy, for some michelin rated or award (not sure what type of michelin but they have the stickers for it) which wasn't too far from our hotel during our stay in london. we stopped by around 7pm and it wasn't too busy on a weekday. ordered one order of the fish and chips and waited about 5-10 minutes and the fish was massive. tasted even better...never had such a light, fluffy, crispy fish and chips even from the us before. if you're in the area and looking for a great place for fish and chips...the mayfair chippy is the place to go. their staff is also very helpful and very kind. was able to use their wifi without any issues. wasn't able to try anything else on their menu because this was an after dinner snack, but their fish and chips definitely does not disappoint. wow! sooo good.we came from chicago looking for some good & original fish and chips and we found it.location is awesome and food is phenomenal! my fianc and i both had a beetroot salad& cod fish and chips. honestly, i would probably skip the salad and try a dessert next time. the fish was amazing & so were the fries. would definitely come back next time we are in london. we had a nice sunday lunch in this quiet location in mayfair.fish and chips crunchy and savory served with a creamy sauce. the price is right for the portion, even bigger than we expected.staff friendly and quite fast service.definitely coming back to try something else! this was one of the best meals we had in london! this place was a few block from our hotel and we discovered it on our first day in london. we shared a cod fish and chips and a lager. the lager was delicious and went really well with the fish. the cod was huge and enough for the both of us. the tartar sauce was freshly made and really yummy! i wish i lived closer to this place. so good! someone from the hotel we are staying at recommended this place as the best fish and chips in england. it was a little difficult to find where this place was despite the signs we found along the way as their is no explicit sign on the top of the restaurant.the decor in here is really cute and modern! the waitresses were also kind and attentive. we ended up settling on the plaice and chips and the cod and chips.both fried fish tasted very clean and not fishy. i preferred the cod over the plaice, but both are great options. i did not care for the chips as they were far too dense and not fried well. our meal came out to around $50 for just two plates which is a lot! however, we were able to share both plates between 4 people with everyone feeling full.i haven't had other fish and chips in england to compare to coming here but i really enjoyed the fish here. you can order the fish without the chips (they charge extra for them) and i recommend you do so as they weren't very good. the best fish and chips i had while visiting england, scotland, and ireland. i did my research before my trip to london to see who had legit fish and chips. i was immediately drawn to mayfair chippy's presentation, choice of sauces (tartar and curry), serving of mushy peas (what's up with places that serve whole peas?! yuck!), and modern decor. i also noticed that others mentioned to make a reservation, so i also made one via open table a week in advance. upon arriving, there was a couple that stepped in right before us. they did not have a reservation and were turned away, as the space is quite small and they had reservations to fill tables for the rest of the night. they were offered take away, but declined (so if you are like them and are unable to secure a reservation, there is take away available!). we were immediately seated in the back room and placed an order for drinks (beer and rose). we both knew we wanted the mayfair special, as it is the one that comes with the fish and chips, mushy peas, tartar sauce, and curry sauce. my husband went with the haddock and i chose the cod. the haddock had a slightly more fishy flavor, but both looked identical as far as presentation. let me tell you, this was hands down the best fish and chips we had while abroad. i also made sure to compare to places that were similar to mayfair chippy (slightly modern, gastropubbish, hipster influences, etc., not places that are traditional mom and pop fish and chip spots). the fish was a generous portion and perfectly fried. the lemon gave the fish a nice, fresh, clean taste. the mushy peas were also my favorite out of all of the places we dined at. the curry sauce was a unique twist on the tradition, but definitely a great addition! overall, i highly recommend the mayfair chippy if you want to try amazing fish and chips while in london. they also played a lot of 80s american/british music while we dined... i had careless whisper stuck in my head for the rest of the night, ha. we went here last night, and it definitely did not disappoint. my wife and i each got the mayfair classic, which is a piece of fried fish, chips (fries), and 3 dipping sauces (tartar, curry, and mushy peas). i guess the peas aren't really a dipping sauce, but all three came in the same cute measuring cup style containers.we are visiting from san francisco, and i consider myself to be somewhat of a fish and chips snob... i've loved the dish since i was a little boy, and in san francisco, we have plenty of excellent seafood restaurants that do a mean fish & chips. they mayfair chippy was just as good!i was impressed by how nicely the fish was fried. we had both haddock and cod; i slightly preferred the haddock, but you can't go wrong with either one. we also got the homemade pickles, which were a nice addition to the meal. toddlers can be a good indicator of how good food is; if our two year old doesn't like something a lot, he won't pretend. unlike his lunch earlier today where he claimed, "all done... no more... trash... (etc)," he couldn't get enough of this fish & chips! the little man must have eaten almost half of both my wife's and my fish!i recommend the mayfair chippy. get a reservation, though... we had one for last night, and we came an hour early to see if we could be seated sooner. the restaurant told us that we would have to wait and that it would be impossible to sit sooner. it's a hot spot! enjoy! so apparently i'm going to be like most other reviews down the list and say that the mayfair chippy made the best fish & chips i had in london, without a doubt. this statement is not taken lightly, especially due to the fact that, 1) we had excellent fish & chips at a number of other establishments throughout the area, and 2) the mayfair chippy wasn't even on our initial radar to check out. we basically passed the place on our way to visit the us embassy, and decided we were hungry enough to stop in. glad we did. order the "mayfair classic". along with your fried fish (cod or haddock), you get three dipping sauces/sides: tartar, mushy peas, and curry. if only fish & chips shops in the us had this same type of offering.service was friendly and attentive. i'll be seeing the mayfair chippy again. fish & chips in london...you kind of have to, right? so we looked around at our options and found this place based on yelp reviews. it looked great and had some awards to back it up. we came in on a rainy evening and we're seated right away. we both ordered the fish & chips but differed on the fish selection: i ordered the haddock and my buddy ordered the cod. the service was great. we were attended to at appropriate times and had enough space to enjoy our meal without feeling rushed. the fish & chips were out of this world. it had an elegant crunch without being over battered and the fish was the star. the mushy peas were nice as well-great organic pea flavor. the homemade tartar sauce was bomb, but i didn't care much for the sweetish curry dipping sauce. the fries were thick cut and had a wonderful crunch as well. the malt vinegar tableside added that extra touch. if you're looking for reasonably priced fish & chips in london that has quality you can taste then drop by here! it was the only fish & chips that we had and we were satisfied. really want to give 5 stars but service counts! first off the food is wonderful! the fish is fried to perfection and the batter is utterly delicious. chips are the perfect size with the right amount of crisp. the portions for 14 is excellent. the oysters are remarkably fresh.the decor is clean and modern without being over the top. now on to the service.....unfortunately i cannot rave about this part of our experience. after clearing our meal and we let the server know we would need to heading out as we were dealing with an upset little one (which she had observed who was waiting out so as to not disturb the other patrons). the server cleared another table and checked them out and went to the front of restaurant to chat with a colleague. after attempting to gather her attention again she rather briskly checked us out. by this point there were no other patrons in the restaurant as we sat and waited to pay. i wish this didn't happen would have been a 5 plus star experience . this is one of the restaurants i love to come to come to london to stop and eat at. it is very small so you must either come early or make reservations. i had the shepherds pie, which i absolutely love. it is made with lamb and has a lovely gravy to pour over it. the meal is huge. it also comes with greens. i could only eat half. my husband ordered fish cakes which came with poached eggs on top and hollandaise sauce on the side. he finished his plate. we finished our meal with a sticky toffee pudding sundae with caramel sauce, the epitome of decadence. i left completely satisfied. the service was excellent. i absolutely would recommend this place to anyone. i know i'll be coming back again on my next trip to london. best fish and chips i have ever had in london. its hard to find a great chippy.crispy, hot, well prepared and served in newsprint and basket, with three different sauces: tartar, mushy peas and curry. so from the traditional and old fashioned, to the northern clubbing habit of curry with fish and chips. they also have a nice local craft lager to wash it down with. we loved our lunch. truly a chippy in mayfair. when in london do not pass on this fish and chips establishment. don't let its size fool you excellent fish and chips and many other treats to name a few..,soft shell crab, mashy peas, great tartar sauce, unique slaw, alcohol and more... very friendly service with a positive pleasing attitude! adorning the walls are tasteful fish art prints...and we even had a rum in coke with our dinner. this place is small but very mighty!!!!! fish was fresh and chips were good but maybe should have drained the fish a bit more before serving it in the tray. understanding it is deep fried bit my tray was already pretty soaked with a layer of grease when it was brought to me. delicious fish and chips, the highlight was the mushy peas topped with ham hawk, nice and quiet ambiance as well made for a great evening meal, arrived in london around 11am and our hotel room wasn't going to be ready until 3. we took a stroll through hyde park and came over to the mayfair chippy for lunch. we were seated promptly and service throughout the entire meal was quick and pleasant.my husband and i both got the mayfair special, one of us got cod and one got haddock. we honestly couldn't really tell the difference, both were delicious. both plates came out piping hot. i loved the tartar sauce and the curry sauce was nice for a change of pace. the fish was perfectly cooked, not greasy, and nice and flaky. it was a bit on the $ side for a lunch but the portions were generous. i wouldn't hesitate to come back. i have to admit we came onto this place after the restaurant we were looking for was closed. but it was a nice surprise.the place is decorated in a modern but cozy way, sort of an upgrade of a chippy.the service is very attentive, we were seated right away and our coats taken care of. we all ordered the mayfair classic which consisted of a fillet of cod or halibut, chips, mushy peas, curry sauce or gravy and tartare sauce. unfortunately, there was a confusion with our order and it took ages for them to sort it out.the fish and chips were not greasy at all and the fish was very crispy and flavourful, on the other hand the chips were quite bland and had to douse them in salt and vinegar to enjoy them, the peas were fine as well as the sauces.all in all this is a nice alternative for satisfying your chippy craving. delicious fish and chips!! ordered the halibut since i've never had a halibut fish and chips and honestly it didn't taste much different from cod. but that's fine! it was great; crispy on the outside but still moist inside. of the three dipping sauces, (tartar, curry, and mushy peas) my favorite was the curry sauce. this sauce goes great with the fries too. i also had the beetroot salad which was so refreshing. the vegetables were very fresh and the goat cheese was delicious. it was quite filling. they do take reservations which is nice because i heard they can get pretty busy. meh.the fish and chips are really greasy and kinda mushy; not crispy as i had expected and do expect with fish and chips. service is super slow and the room in the back gets very loud. i won't be going back but i'm glad i tried this place out. the cocktails are good and the bathrooms are clean, though. my husband and i were pretty hungry after a long walk from paddington station to do some oxford st shopping and saw a street kiosk advertising the mayfair chippy. just a quick jot off of oxford and we found ourselves seated in a quaint, adorable little shop.it was, by far, the best fish and chips i'd ever had. i opted for the cod while my husband went for the haddock, so that we could compare and make notes. and it was absolutely delicious. light and fluffy, with definitive flavors that separated each large piece as haddock and/or cod, every bite was tender and juicy and crispy. so many places, i feel, no matter the fish you order, all taste the same but no, not here! here it was amazingly fresh and delectable, topped with great fries and an awesome, caper filled tarter sauce.make it a stop if you happen to be near. so worth the buzz. amazing seafood place with great service! one of the best fish and chips in london and their other menus are also amazing such a cute place! review for the takeaway service only. we were looking for some fish and chips on our last day in london so i searched in the area and this place came up 50m away so we made a quick detour. so glad we did! a takeaway menu will set you back 10,50 and include haddock or cod with chips plus mushy peas, curry sauce and tartare sauce. chunky home cut chips, (better than your average chippy!) and a huge piece of fish in a perfect batter. perhaps the only thing they could improve is draining the fish on paper after frying as it was a little oily towards the end. side note; a slice of lemon would be nice and also please change the cutlery. wooden cutlery is my pet peeve as as much as the aesthetic is nice, it is horrible to eat with. the service was nice and rapid, 5-10 minutes wait and piping hot and fresh. the interior is adorable also so definitely a good lunch option to eat in. a great little place! this was my first fish & chip experience and i loved it! a week prior, my sister ordered fish and chips from a different restaurant and i had a piece. it was so bland. but the mayfair chippy was excellent and well seasoned. they were very accommodating to accept an eight people reservation on the same day. this will be my go to spot the next time i'm in london. we ordered cod & chips. the fish was mushy, had no sign of typical flakiness of cod - was it really cod???- and the bottom was very soggy. the chips were freshly cooked and tasty, but the portion was very small. the service was slow as there were only two servers. so it did not justify the prices they charge. yummy. we ordered their famous fish and chips as well as crab toast, tomato salad and chocolate pudding. my favorite was actually the crab toast - sooo good. crisp toast, perfectly seasoned crab salad and avocado. service was good as well. we were staying by hyde park and needed something for a late night dinner. this fit the bill for being simple and close by. turned out to be quite delicious! their fish and chips were very nicely battered and were not soggy by the time they were served. i personally really enjoyed their mashed peas- super yum with a little kick at the end. will be back next time we're in london. amazing fish and chips, mushy peas, mussels and crab toast. wonderful service! we will definitely come back! we were looking for fish and chips in london and looked at some on line reviews to help make a decision. it is humorous to think about making reservations at a chippy. still, as we were ahead of the evening rush, we were seated quickly and served promptly. it was good, it was hot, the wait staff were friendly. my fish and chips craving is satisfied for the next few years. wouldn't walk the almost two miles to eat fish and chips there again though. i absolutely love this place. close proximity to where i stay in london. beautiful neighborhood. affordable and most importantly the fish and chips are awesome! this is a great place to get away from the standardized pub menus (which is strange to me). every time i have been i get the cod. i love it! the service is great, staff is very friendly, and accommodating. i have also noticed their service is fast. which is huge if you are on a business trip in the area pressed for time. we stopped by for a quick bite and enjoyed ourselves very much. we didn't have any reservations, so we sat at the high top which was very nice.the food was good. wife had the fish and chips, i opted for the scampi and chips. all good and hit the spot. not bad for a last minute meal.	1	1	1	0	0
 we went for dinner and had a fabulous meal. the menu is not too expansive, but covers the core dishes of malaysian cuisine. i quite enjoyed my flat noodles dish and the morning glory, and my friends really liked their laksa and roti too. the flavours were rich, and i found the ingredients (eg prawns) very fresh. the portions were healthy and at the end of it all, our bill came down to only 15ish per person! service was really great. not too many staff, but all were friendly and prompt. ambience is cosy and very street food-esque. i rather enjoyed that kind of experience, as opposed to a posh restaurant that does fake asian food. would love to return at any time! it tasted authentic but not as great as it was hyped up to be. the roti style was a singaporean thing. it's not pregnancy friendly, kid, or stroller friendly. it's a cash only place. the food came fast. it close at 11p which most places close by 9pm. soy milk ran out. the meal was inexpensive: 29 pounds for 4 dishes and a drink. water you self serve. it's extremely convenient: only a block from the station. you will need to speak to the waitress to put your name down for a seat. the toilet is right outside of the door to enter the small restaurant. they use only a fan and open part of a window for fresh air.ordered - roti filled w/ spinach & cheese- noodle w/ coconut curry with tofu- rice dish w/ sides of spicy shrimp paste, cucumber, egg, tiny dry fish, fried chicken, peanuts - mix vegetable with ginger- malaysian pull tea w/ condense milk spectacular. more india than malaysian-singapore-ish.tasty roti bread. everything else is different. portion not large. a bit more than appetizer. the restaurant is no larger than two 10x10 room in size. so expect long lines. hours wait. great attitude servers. as good as canaletto work in art ! i'll admit it. food is like having a whirlwind romance for me. i hear about a spot. maybe from somebody who knows the place well. and maybe i hear... that people stand around for hours just to see them. (or even better: nobody knows about them.)sometimes the best ones are a little rough around the edges. perhaps they're not the most pleasant sight to behold; and, they've got... history that you can't quite call baggage. they're authentic; legit, they say. some people have only had the pleasure in meeting them once before moving on, yet never forgetting them - even boldly sharing the experience with their friends - saying that they'll someday see them again.when people make a weekly day (or evening) visit a "thing" it piques my interest too. especially when i hear that they have a pretty good call-in/takeaway/to-go system set up.so we make arrangements to meet. i just have to be there at their second opening time (5pm) to avoid the queue.i arrive. the entrance is next to the exterior toilet with chinese writing on it from its restaurant predecessor. smiles are exchanged and i'm sat at the table. they don't bat an eye that i've brought somebody with me. through words and images (and prices), they pour themselves out to me. i know all their secrets and i'm still pot committed. after taking the cozy quarters in, it's my turn now: i ask questions; ask for their thoughts, and make my selections.i then patiently wait for about 20 minutes. there are more people here now as i sit googling teh tarik (malaysian pulled tea, made with condensed milk.) it tastes like a food tv special. i can almost see the tea being pulled in the back. it's so romantic. i'm excited about the chicken murtabak on sight. it's flaky roti shaped into a large disc and filled with savory chicken, egg, and onion. its accompanying curry is thin, yet flavorful. it crumbles beneath my fork. this is already going better than i had hoped!then, the star shows up: the roti canai (the special, with fish) and curry sauce. roti is mysterious; that is, it's hard to come by where i live. and roti like this? fuhgeddaboutit. i lift a corner of the piled roti, and it delicately unravels like a hoop skirt from the old south. layer upon layer reveals itself; showing its soft underbelly and i am smitten. large pinches of roti are dipped into the curry; a spoon scoops out small deep fried pieces of curry-soaked fish. eventually, it's time to part ways. satisfied, i am suddenly filled with preemptive longing, tinged with shades of regret, that i had not discovered them on my prior london trips. i leave, taking one last long look around the basement room. i won't forget you, roti king. the best hole in the wall restaurant i've ever been to. nearly impossible to get a table ever but if you do, the roti canai is their best dish. i dream of this flavorful daal! come here expecting a traditional asian experience and you won't be disappointed. i say that because their service isn't bad.. compared to asian standards. they want to serve you fresh food as quickly as possible and get you in and out. so yea they won't make friendly chit chat with you and they'll make you share tables with strangers but if you go in expecting it, you'll be better off.now onto the food, i only had their roti canai with curry chicken (6.50) but i think i'd just get the roti canai with regular curry sauce next time (5). the flavoring of the curry is a little spicy and not my favorite (not bad, just not for my taste buds i suppose) but the roti was really nice, thin, perfectly chewy, and fresh and as their name is roti king, i'd be quite disappointed if it wasn't as good as it was.there can be a little line as the shop isn't huge so try and get their before 5:30 to avoid a queue. alternatively, you can order take away and not have to deal with a cramped space. roti king has never failed me at delivering delicious authentic malaysian dishes. a restaurant hidden on the backstreets of euston and worked its way up to be one of the most well known places for roti canai in londonit is a no reservation restaurant but i would advise anyone visiting to arrive early or eat outside peak hours as within half an hour of opening the restaurant at 12pm, it was packed full and a queue was already forming.the restaurant has recently gone through a lovely renovation where they have made it more rustic looking with its wooden panelling and filament bulb lighting. the open kitchen also means food is delivered quickly and you can see the roti being made.green tea was quite generic. i did expected loose leaves but maybe that was too much to ask for.soy bean mix with grass jelly however was superb. it tasted like it was freshly made in the store, rich in bean taste with strong nutty notes. the grass jelly was finely chopped and added a nice textural difference to the drink. very refreshing with the spicy foodkari laksavery comforting with a good amount of spices and depth. the consistency was perfect too, thick and rich which clung well onto the lovely bouncy egg noodles. the heat builds up as you eat it although still very mild if you compare it to the ones in malaysia but probably for the best as i cannot handle spice very well. prawns were fresh and bouncy too and chicken were succulent and tender . tofu puffs soaked up the broth well and the fish balls were incredibly soft and satisfying to bite into seeing how springy they were. just wish they gave us a more generous portions of noodles bee hoon goreng even before we ate it the aromas activated our tastebuds with its wonderful spices and smokiness conveying all the signs of good wok energy. and we weren't wrong. the noodles were lightly charred due to the heat of the hot wok. it wasn't greasy and the noodles were perfectly cooked, soften and al dente. it was seasoned perfectly, good savoury flavours with nice it's of flavours from the juicy prawns, chicken and squid. the beansprouts and onions gave the dish a lovely crunch. haven't had noodles cooked so well and skilfully in a london restaurant for a while. most of them tend to be greasy.roti canai special (fish)definitely the best roti you can get in london. being freshly made in house with high level of skill they were incredibly doughy and airy. i love how pliable they were too, keeping its doughiness and firmed through out, even after they were dipped in the curry.the curry was nice and thick with strong complex savoury spices. it had a slight tangy edge to it which was move lovable i mopped everything clean was my roti. the only disappointment was the fish inside as it was deep fried so heavily in batter i couldn't really taste or get a feel of its flakey texture. luckily i love batter itself so it was fine.kangkung belacan by far one of the best morning glory dishes i've had in london. full of wok energy allowing the ingredients such as the shrimp paste, garlic and chillies to flavour the morning glory. for such a simple dish, it was packed full of flavour.i would happily return to roti king any day. it's like home-style dishes, cooked with great skill, wok energy and all packed with flavour using fresh ingredients. prices are very reasonable too which means you can order several dishes without breaking the bank. please try and stick to the malaysian dishes as you can get many of the other dishes elsewhere (mostly cantonese) but it will be hard to find such an authentic take on the malaysian dishes anywhere else in london. the roti at roti king is really good. my daughter and i had roti canai special which is roti with lamb, 2 teh tarik (milk teas with condense milk), kangkung belacan which is morning glory with shrimp paste (ong choy) and roti planta which is roti with butter and condense milk for dessert. we loved all the food. we were stuffed. the total came to 23 for the both of us.. would definitely come early beause the line can be very long and there are only 8 tables in the restaurant. people can occasionally be forced to share tables... the place is small so be prepared to be in a queue if you want to get a table. i had the roti canai special in fish. the roti canai in fish tastes better than the roti canai in chicken. the prawn laksa was very average. the quantity was small, but the taste was divine ! also please keep in mind they only accept cash visiting from california and came here on the recommendation of my cousins. located a short walk from euston station, arrived just at the perfect time as there was hardly a wait. the space itself is small and you most likely will be sitting with another party if you're just a party of 2 or 3. ordered the roti canai special w/chicken and beef rendang. both were quite good. pretty damn authentic. if rasa sayang in chinatown is singapore, then roti king is definitely malaysia. their roti is not as oily or crispy as the prata from singapore but that may be a good thing. i do wish that their dahl/gravy that comes with the canai was spicier, it feels a bit dull - but that might be because i'm used to a spicier fair. anyway, it's definitely an ideal place to go if you're from the gmt +8 and feeling homesick.baguuuusss. went to roti king this afternoon after reading great reviews. i was a little upset because it was after 12 and they were still not open, but i figured if there was already a line waiting then the food must be great. after finding out it was cash only, i went to retrieve cash from a nearby atm and came back to roti king. once i ordered my food and tried to pay the waitress rudely told me they had no change to give me. apparently the person delivering the change had not yet arrived. i tried to work something out but the waitress just yelled "we have no change!", shoved my money back into my hands, and walked away from the register. maybe they were having a rough morning but that level of disregard for a customer was unnecessary and rude. will be buying lunch elsewhere. roti king is tucked away in a corner near euston and is known for its roti canai or what is known as roti prata in singapore. we got in nice and early at 5.45pm so missed the evening queue which snaked up the stairs. the roti canai with chicken curry deserves a 5/5. the roti canai itself is flaky on the outside and slightly softer on the inside. the chicken curry is delicious but there could have been more. we also got some kari laksa which was a decent effort. the coconut milk based broth was rich in flavour and spicy. the components were a bit lacking however. the noodles only came with a few subpar fish balls and tofu puffs. definitely not comparable to something you might get in malaysia or singapore.the iced milo is good but the milo dinosaur is a bit more disappointing as it doesn't come heaped with milo powder as it should. as for the ambience, it's very no-frills. you will usually have to share a small table in the evenings with strangers and it can get cramped at times. however, the prices are affordable compared to some other places in london for malaysian and singaporean food. my only gripe is the service. it was very poor. we weren't offered any tap water at all, and were physically told to leave and had the bill thrust at us because they wanted to seat some other people and our plates had gotten empty. i get that they want to keep their line outside moving but there is a much nicer way of saying that and we had only just finished eating. regardless, i would still recommend this place for a slice of home. this was the first time i had roti and it was amazing. it's so thin and yet you can feel its crispiness on the outside and the chewy softness on the inside. i had the roti special with lamb and the curry was just a-ok. but i would most definitely go here again just for the roti. one sad thing would be that this place is very small and gets very crowded during the peak hour. we had to wait for about 15 minutes to get in (but also had to share table with other parties) and waited 30 minutes for the food. also tried to order chicken + lamb curry for the roti special but they said the chicken and fish are not ready so i could only order lamb. might not be a good place to go when you're in a hurry. this was not the roti i thought i was getting ( i was expecting the bread rolled around filling and received more of a curry with bread on the side), but it was very tasty! i loved the decor of this little restaurant...a bit hipster with an area where you can watch them make the roti. i had the highly acclaimed roti canai, which was very flavorful and satisfying. i also tried their tea with the condensed milk...so wonderful! the price wasn't bad either. i would highly recommend this restaurant. p.s. this place gets buuuusy! it's worth the wait. try to make sure you arrive early otherwise you will be in line for at least 30 minutes nice place great foodonly negative are the limited amount of seats available with the demise of kopi tiam on charing cross rd, where roti king had a concession, i thought london had lost a gem - freshly made roti canai, a malaysian indian flatbreadi then heard that roti king had opened near euston station but didn't have the chance to try it til last week. it's a small place and did fill up quickly at lunchtimejust a quick heads up. the location is shabby and not in an ironic shabby chic way. expect fraying faded chairs and after reading previous reviews and seeing the toilet door for myself, even this malaysian native wasn't brave enough to peek inside the toiletif you can get past that, there's an authentic looking malaysian menu. the highlights are of course the roti canai options. most of these are with a selection of curries, the traditional way of eating roti canai but they've gone outside the box by offering sweet options tooi went for a stuffed curry lamb option called murtabak. the flaky pastry and spiced filling was authentic and a bonus is that you can see them making your roti canaii also went for the laksa, a spicy coconut broth based noodle soup. lovely and fiery hot. be warned this is one for those not of a 'korma' disposition when it comes to ordering curry!only place to get freshly made roti canai that i've seen in london (the round shaped ones you get at other restaurants have been frozen) but be aware the surroundings aren't glamorous this is up there with chillies round elephant and castle way as the tastiest meal for a fiver in all of london. you can't buy booze but they don't mind you bringing in your own for a fiver charge (trust me, it's worth it) so load up with some frosty beers because this is bring-your-own paradise. expect to get fat. expect to order seconds. do not expect to eat veg (it's on the menu but it's no good). instead, order the roti canai. it's bliss. this place makes me so happy. superbly delicious food in surroundings that are relaxed without being totally neglected. go for the roti - obviously. the name should be a hint. i say keep it pure and simple with roti canai (i.e. two rotis with a small bowl of daal, which is more sauce than lentils). but you could go for an option with a small curry-type dish, with chicken, mutton or fish. whichever, just get that flaky, doughy, sexy roti. i order an extra one when i go to make sure i can maximise the dipping. at 4 for roti canai, which is a perfectly adequate sized meal (large lunch, small dinner), you cannot go wrong. very keen to try the dessert rotis. there's almost always a queue of some kind (i have thus far gone twice at lunch time and once at dinner, but one other lunch didn't bother because the queue was up the stairs out into the road). it moves pretty quickly because the food is quick and most people probably vacate their tables in 20-40 minutes depending on the volume of food they're getting and how busy things are. i really like the vibe too - it's bustly, has been done up enough to look quite hipster but retains a certain rough-and-readiness that totally charms me. warning: a colleague went for a noodle dish and was disappointed. i can't comment but i would say rotis seem to be the speciality. first food in london!!!!!! this place was on my block, took for ever but food was solid, i went to the park down the street and enjoyed myself, comes with delicious daal. lovely small malaysian cafe in the basement near euston station. always queue up outside as it is small restaurant. char kwai teow and mee goreng was very good. i go there to taste the signature dish ..roti canai. it was lovely...nasi lemak is not too bad too. this is a place where i would recommend to go and it is better value ..only 6.00 compare to china town malaysian restaurant. i will revisit again soon. i went with two people, one from singapore and the other from malaysia. they loved this place! they said it was very authentic and the food was super tasty. we had a roti which was yummy. get the fish curry sauce (or both!)we also has two rice noodle dishes. i let my eating partners do all the ordering so i am not sure about the dishes' names but one was wet noodles (with gravy) and the other was dry. both were delicious and had a bit more of a spicy kick that what you would encounter at a chinese restaurant. roti king is a hole in the wall and definitely more shabby than chic. but come for the yummy food. we arrived at around 2pm and the place was mostly empty. roti king, euston - it is easy to tell if one is malaysian. can you guess? this is when a malaysian starts talking. we are famous for our manglish vocabulary of the 'lah-s' or 'mah-s' at the end of sentences. it is not perfect english (but perfect manglish), in fact i am sometimes forgiven for my pigeon english when i have said something that could be interpreted as offensive, but it gave a warm feeling of hearing the slang in a foreign country. the place is tiny. it can take up to 30 diners at a time. even if the place is not at its full capacity, once you are seated it is better to stay put. this is not easy if you have a child. i also suspect that the ventilation is not good enough. the lingering smoke from high heat stir-frying was not appealing. you walked out of roti king smelling of food. but the food here is proper malaysian, mamak style; in fact, this is the only place in london that does roti canai, the bready thing that you flip and flop and toss and turn to get a light yet stodgy, crispy and moist at the same time with a curry sauce to complete the dish. it is probably the most popular breakfast choice. lunch time specials from 12:00 hours to 15:00 hours include a two course meal from gbp 6.50 - gbp 8.50 seems like a good deal. these are dishes which have more in common with the economy rice stalls that you get in malaysia.one of the reasons that mamak stalls in malaysia grew was because of their drinks offered; teh tarik (pulled tea), abc (crushed ice with various ingredients), coffee, milo (hot chocolate), etc which you also get it here at roti king. desserts are not available here but they have a few sweet roti. no alcohol is served.after ordering it took a while before our food was served. do not be surprised if food does not arrive all together at the same time. dishes are served when they are ready, another mamak way of serving. takeaways are available.lamb murtabak gbp 5.00 - the lamb filling is moist with a crispy pastry. it was pretty good except that the minced lamb was very mild and did not have a strong muttony taste. roti canai with dhal gbp 4.50 - probably the european flour gives it a slightly different texture from the malaysian, however, it is a joy to eat one of my favourite dishes in london.roti canai special (ie. with chicken curry) gbp 5.50mamak mee goreng gbp 6.50 - this is a must to order. spicy and nicely moist for a wet-ish and slippery plate of noodles. delicious!bee hoon goreng gbp 6.50 - it could be a little spicier for my taste. we of course had a good service since we knew them and it was all quite laid back. we enjoyed it because we wanted to be left on our own. parking is not easy in the area but euston station is a short walk away.if you want an experience of the mamak stall in england, make sure you eat here at roti king before considering a 13 hours direct flight to malaysia. as a malaysian myself, i confirm that roti king is the real deal here. laksa is amazing, tangy and a little spicy. i asked for mine to not have the fishballs, which i hate, and they did that no problem. the tea tarik was good enough, though i don't know if i will get it next time. the roti canai was also very good. the restaurant itself is kind of shady. it is down a stairway, next to a bathroom. apparently, it used to be an old chinese restaurant, and they haven't replaced some of the chinese signs. it is close to being a dump, but, if decor is not your thing, give this place a try. my husband and i love roti canai and had to try out roti king. its right near euston station, but make sure you have some cash because it's cash only and the nearest atm is in the station. yep, this place is pretty popular and even at around 9pm we waited for about 30ming (outside on the stairs.) luckily the weather was nice but come prepared. like the other reviews stated, the staff is not friendly and honestly that's what drops the rating to 3 stars. the place is also overcrowded and you have to share really tiny tables with other dinners. you also have to get your own water, which gets annoying if your sharing a table because everyone has to get up to let you out (bench seating.) but if you ignore all that, the food is amazing and worth it. we ordered the roti canai specials, 1 chicken and 1 lamb. each order comes with 2 huge rotis and a bowl of curry. definitely more than enough food and both the chicken and lamb were awesome. come with some patience and you'll have a great time and eat delicious roti. delicious food. this isn't too far from where i work so i frequently go here for lunch. i'm never early enough to get a seat, but usually get a takeaway pretty quickly if i phone ahead.the roti is pretty good here, i enjoy it very much with any of the tasty curries that are on offer. i also recommend the nasi goreng! a fried rice dish featuring chicken, vegetables and sea food! 3.5* - i'd probably just come here for the roti - both sweet and savoury were delicious! the mains were ok, but nothing i wouldn't expect from a normal takeaway place.service was a bit all over the place, but then there was only one girl serving the whole place. i got my main about 10mins before my partner got his main and then we got our starter once we'd both finished eating - odd. but they're clearly understaffed. the hot lemon and honey drink was delicious! especially in this cold weather - but again we got these after the mains were served.the decor is trying to be edgy industrial - they have the whole vintage lightbulbs and black metal work with contrasting wood thing going on - but it gets lost and you mainly see a shabby hole of a restaurant - not that this should put you off!our bill ended up coming to 26 - not bad for a starter, 2 mains, a dessert and two drinks. i'll come again - but only for the roti - don't think i'll bother with the mains here. disclaimer, this was my first experience with southeast asian food, but oh man it was so good and (relatively) cheap. first off, it's in tiny location without that much seating and there was a 40 minute queue when we got there around 8pm. the makeshift signage and the fact that the restaurant is in a basement in a side street made me a bit apprehensive, but i'm so glad we waited around to eat here. (so, i recommend that you go in a smaller group as it'll get you seated faster, as we bypassed a few bigger groups.) it's a pretty no-frills place, you can expect to be crammed next to other customers.i got the char keoy teow (stir fried flat noodles) and we split a roti canai special with chicken. the roti canai was very tasty, with a good amount of spice so as not to be overwhelming, and really nice and flaky on the outside. definitely the star of the night. the noodles were pretty good as well, but nothing too outstanding; what i remember from that night was definitely the roti.if you're in the area, totally worth a shot for the great taste and low price! i had meaning to go to this cheap eat for some time. hearing from bloggers and foodies. i finally ventured there late one friday at a discreet part of euston which is not known for anything really.as you go down the stairs the fragrant smell hits you to mask the ordinary dcor. but who cares if the food is good. and the food is good and cheap. it's not a huge portion by any means but the roti special gives you choice of fish, lamb or chicken. i go for classic chicken and you get to roti breads. for a first timer you should go for the roti as that is what this place is about. it's extremely good. i also had a malaysian coffee. it was luke warm and slightly less stronger than a vietnamese coffee (my fav). overall i will definitely come back to try more dishes. when a friend suggested to come here, i was a mix of excitement and apprehension... upon, entering the restaurant, we were uncertain of whether to wait outside or to just go in, due to how busy the place was. we were greeted and seated in a matter of moments and perused the menus. we both decided that roti canai special with chicken was the way and waited for it to appear.with the swift service and fast cooking time, you can tell that roti king makes it money by turning over the tables fast! halfway through the meal, another two people joined our table - point of note - don't come here on an intimate date!i was very impressed with what i ate. the price was pretty reasonable too. the rush and the decor let it down here, but i recon i'll be back!	1	0	0	0	0
 surprisingly quiet at lunch, and just what we were looking for. my daughter had the simple marinara pizzette, and i had marinated octopus (what else would you eat at a place called polpo!) with shaved fennel, and a nicely seasoned parmigiano, zucchini and arugula salad. simple, well executed, well done. we nipped in here for a pre-dinner drink while we were waiting for a table. i'd heard about this tapas place but always love stumbling in and then having the realisation of where you are. we took a pew at the bar and ordered with the overly friendly waiter - he helped alex to order his beer and was quick to pour. the place smelt amazing and it looks like a perfect place for a romantic date or cost dinner. i had a scan at the menu and it was filled with lots of delicious sounding tapas delights. i then turned to our drinks. i, as per, ordered a glass of rose wine (small for once) and it came in the tiniest glass i've ever seen - not even a wine glass, more like the glass you'd put water in! i understand bars and restaurants trying to be quirky but if i ask for a glass of wine please please please put it in a wine glass! you wouldn't do it with red so don't do it with my rose... anyways rant over.the wine was nice although we had to rush. i'll definitely be back to give the food a try - the portions looked large and of great quality. watch this space... while i did generally like the dishes, nothing stood out to me especially which was a little disappointing. the pizettas were generally good but i wasn't wowed by them. i had a similar reaction to the meatballs. the service, however, was excellent. the waitress was extremely nice and attentive. i might give this place another chance the next time in town, however. wow. everything was excellent. yes it was crowded and busy, but the food more than makes up for it. go! and be sure to get the marinated baby octopuses. i've been to a couple polpo locations now and truly love every experience here. their aperol spritzes are on point and i highly suggest getting one of those to start and then moving onto a bunch of appetizers and meatballs. their grape and goat cheese crostini is so unique and the roasted grapes put it over the top. i've not had a meatball i didn't like here (but meatballs are my favorite food group, so there ya go). my only qualm is that the tables are soooo close together, i was basically having a conversation with both tables on either side of me. i went on a saturday night and we were told that in 40 mins we will get a table but it took them an hour and a half. then we walked in and came immediately for orders and the service was fast. we all had pizzas, i tried spinach with permisano cheese and egg which i thought was okish, fried gnocchi which i didnt liked and my friends had margarita, it tasted fairly good and it comes in small plate as a portion for one person only. we also had coffee and i really liked it. overall, nice restaurant, fast and good food service but maybe book your table in advance and food was decent, but we only tried their pizza and gnocchi. the manager went out of his way to accommodate our group on a busy night, so that was a great start to the evening. this bustling place was very lively, but not overly noisy. my favorites were the octopus carpaccio and spinach/egg pizza. good stop, not special. great menu. service was efficient and friendly, but they missed a few things we ordered (think tapas). scallops were disappointing. but otherwise the food was good. meatballs and pizzettas were highlights. ps. toilets need work guys! i like the idea of tapas, but i wasn't expecting it at an italian restaurant. it is extremely expensive to come here if you are hungry. two pasta plates and one order of arancini (two small balls) plus two glasses if wine came out to 45. we decided to leave and ended up getting burgers (that were amazing). the people were extremely nice, and the beef ragu with rigatoni was delicious but had exactly 10 pieces of rigatoni and two scoops of ragu. the clam and chili linguine had no crab, but definitely tasted fishy (pun intended), and the arancini were tiny and needed seasoning. mediocre glass of montepulciano for 8, which a good glass should be 5 at most. left hungry and feeling meh! nice place.  food was good, service was excellent. busy place with lots of young locals. i liked the atmosphere. we were sadly disappointed by our experience at polpo. the people were pleasant and the space was nice enough, but the food and wine were just not good.my wife and i were craving small plates and were in covent garden, so we stopped in. didn't need a reservation to grab two seats at the bar in the basement. the atmosphere was... okay. it's a cute enough space, and the waitresses were nice, but the hip-hop on the sound system and the speed pourers on the cheap liquor bottles said "tourist trap," not "romantic hideaway." we ordered 4 things: crostini with artichoke and speck, rabbit pappardelle, zucchini with mint and parmesan, and lamb and mint meatballs. sounds good, right? not so much.the crostini were stale tesco-quality slices of baguette with decent speck but canned-tasting artichokes. the zucchini dish wasn't bad, but nothing too special either - we could have made it at home in 5 minutes. the lamb meatballs and rabbit pasta were the biggest disappointments; the lamb was so bland it could have been ground beef, the pasta was awful, prepackaged-tasting stuff with no texture or flavor, the red sauce on both tasted like it was out of a can (not even a jar!), and much of the rabbit was inedible. oh, and i forgot to mention the wine - we both had italian reds, of which you can order a minimum of 25 cl. god forbid you should want to try a couple varieties; you'll be wasted by the end of the 3rd. neither wine had the qualities described on the menu, both were quite warm, and neither was very good. thankfully we went to 10 cases afterwards and had some real italian reds.all in all, there are too many good small plates places to bother with this joint again. caveat emptor. cute, intimate space good for duet dining with comfort food. had no trouble getting a high-top for 2 downstairs on a sat evening as a small queue formed. service was surprisingly efficient and friendly as people came to check on us after we found our seats near the bar. i was surprised as i'd heard mixed reviews about service in london in general.i thought the energy and mood-lit space was befitting of a wine bar and go-to spot for a second date in any metropolitan city in the western world. (no, it's not meant to be a wine bar but that is the vibe here.)the food itself was just so-so. the pork belly was the toughest i've had anywhere. we needed steak knives to cut through the meat and some focused chewing. the squid ink risotto was fun to try but very neutral flavor profile and on the watery side. i've had inky carbs before and don't think this dish did the ingredient justice.overall a fun, pleasant experience to catch-up with a friend or a date. i wouldn't say the food was the star here but the atmosphere overall is nice.bonus: full coffee menu (or at least they serve lattes and cappuccinos) solid italian small sharing plates food. for three people we shared:bottle of merlot- fine red wine but nothing groundbreaking. disappointed our first choice was sold out. none the less no real complaints. stuffed olives- lightly fried and stuffed with anchovy paste. delicious nibble. chicken- fried and breaded cutlet, similar to chicken milanese. hearty. zucchini salad- with parmesan. nice green side dish. classic meat balls- mild sauce. needed a bit more flavor but overall good. rabbit paparadelle- dissapointing. lacked enough meat. rounded out with affogotos all around, which never disappoint. the atmosphere was new rustic and the service was fine. never rushed. happy to have tried this place. we visited there on a few saturdays ago at 20:00. the place was packed and it stayed busy throughout our stay.the staff were very friendly and chatty, and we really had a great time.salt cod crochette had flaky cod and had wonderful texture.fritto misto had crispy calamari, a bit of prawns, and anchovies. the first two were absolutely gorgeous, but they were a bit too salty and i wasn't keen on the anchovies.white anchovy pizzetta was one of the two disappointing dishes. it was a small pizza with just anchovies (skins and tail attached) and smoked mozarella, which lacked flavour and was not worth 7. escaped birds were skewered chicken, liver, panchetta, courgetts, etc. beautifully grilled.pork & fennel meatballs were flavourful and tasty.herbed polenta was the best polenta i'd tasted, it was crunchy outside and soft inside, and was full of flavour.lamb neck was way too garlicky and sinewy. this was one of the two dishes which were disappointing.tiramisu pot was the adult version of tiramisu. it had the proper bitterness from cocoa and dark chocolate.pannacotta was flawless. the texture was perfect and it wasn't too sweet. it had a lovely refreshing strawberries on top. you really need to order this.lemon cake was huge and came with lovely sweetened cream.we ended our fantastic evening with royal tokaji late harvest which symbolised their menu very well - quality!it was obvious that they had capable chefs who prepared dished with great care and skills, and they used the best quality ingredients. the bill came to 95 (including a small glass of royal tokaji but without other wine or alcohol). it was worth it for the fun we had chatting with the staff and for trying something new. i am happy to go back to try other dishes. polpo is a cute italian place in covent garden, that is great for couples or a small group of four. i don't think they do reservations, but there is a bar, therefore quite convenient to pass time before they find a free table for you.the concept is all about sharing. they offer small plates of different kinds (fish, meatballs, seafood etc) that are great to share and they come once they are ready. if you don't want to overeat, 3 plates are enough for a couple to share.we had 2 pizzettas: one with spinach, another one with tiny prawns and capers. we also went for chilli garlic prawns, that were my favourites.for dessert we shared a tiramisu, altough it was too small for sharing, but delicious! staff was very attentive: i wasn't sure what was chocolate salami, therefore they just brought it out for me to try. in summary, very nice place. recommended! went for brunch there today. had been recommended by a friend. the decor is nice the solo waiter was very attentive to all the tables. the tapas style plates all very nice. we had 6 plates and a bottle of the house wine plus dessert and coffee which came to 91. i think this is a little steep for a 2 person lunch. the first polpo opened in 2009 and now in 2015 they're up to 6 restaurants across london. must be good if they're growing so fast!"polpo is a bcaro. this is a venetian word to describe a humble restaurant serving simple food and good, young local wines. "it has remained true to it's name, the restaurant setup is simple and humble. it gets busy but the atmosphere remains relaxing. the staff are happy, friendly and very helpful. service is great and prompt.because the dishes are smaller and it's recommended that two people share five dishes. it's uncomplicated, simple yet flavoursome food. it's about 35 per person so it's not cheap, but the price is very reasonable for the quality and service for around covent garden. #greedymoo #londonfoodie #foodporn #polpo happy and cosy place to share non common italian food. you don't go there to have pastas (these are not the best downtown) but to have nice salads, antipasti or pizza specialsnice atmosphere! i first went to polpo a little over a year ago, at that time i would have given it 5 stars. i even had my engagement party dinner there, however in the last two months i've gone to this location and the one on beak street and found that the quality has slipped. the place has an excellent vibe- which might be why it's still popular. my family is italian so i know a bit about italian food and i can tell you the faults1. i had to send my aperol spritz back to the bar because all i could taste was soda, this is an italian restaurant for goodness sakes.2. on my last visit i was adding salt and pepper to everything. the osso bucco with risotto- risotto had no flavor. lamb was cold. the cod cheeks with lamb needed salt. the only thing that saved the dinner was the tiramisu and the whipped mackerel. ** i used to be a huge fan of this place but quality is slipping so i am placing it in time out for a while. ** i'm actually not 100% a fan of polpo, but i guess overall it is a good standard and due to the way we ordered (not sharing! argh!) i didn't have the chance to sample as many of its dishes as i would have liked.pork and fennel meatballs tasted pretty good (could have been spicier) although they really are huge and very heavy and filling if you end up eating two like i did. the duck ragu was also well done although didn't blow me away. i wouldn't necessarily order it again because i prefer the texture of minced meat in ragu rather than more stew like bits of meat (i don't like stew, although this meat was very well cooked) but i'm glad i tried something different. i loved the arancini, they are always my favourite.prosecco and cocktails came in shockingly terrible retro/hipster glasses. i really don't approve of drinking delicate and expensive alcoholic beverages out of glasses meant for juice, soda, flowers, or preserves. however i can't deny the general aesthetic of the restaurant is quite pleasing (except for the hideously ugly and unnecessarily huge flight of stairs right as you come in). i thought i would never get to eat at one of the polpo restaurants because they are reputedly tiny with massive queues but this location is pretty big so on a quiet night you shouldn't have to wait very long, especially if you are happy to eat at the bar. too bad they don't have a better waiting space (flatiron still rules on that front). i think i liked this more than my date, but since she doesn't write reviews, we'll stick with 4 stars! i would say that this place is better for meat eaters, like myself. they have a simple plan and they execute not well.  small, creative dishes that are fairly affordable and delicious. the decor was unimpressive but the service and food was good so who cares? we did not realize this was a small plates restaurant, but we really enjoyed it.  it has a great vibe and the staff is very friendly. the food and wine were very enjoyable. would go back i've always wanted to go to polpo, i don't know why it's emblem has failed to beckon me in before? i love octopus!it's insignias eight curled tendrils on the door is like ursula the tempting sea bewitcher herself, beckoning you in with inviting tentacles. this time, seduced by a need for seafood spaghetti, my dinner dates and i were spellbound by sounds of trilling jollity within, the clattering of cicchetti plates and the clinking of carafes against small glasses.during a late diner service, crewed by a sea of attendants, we were shown to an intimate spot out back and made to appreciate our servers powers for accommodating us at such a time.gratefully seated whilst the table was cleared and reset, i eagerly scanned the paper-table-mat-menu for what my heart desired; i only had eyes for octopi. however, i did not find octopus on polpo's menu, yes, polpo which means octopus, which is advertised on it's image outside. it was the very marketing of this cephalopod that enchanted me in. wanting to scream out about the whereabouts of this absent item on the menu, i thought about quietly remarking that they'd forgot to include the octopops? where the devil was this fish? but i felt like my voice had been stolen. i could have read the menu outside. silly me. in flickering candlelight it was hypnotically dark, murky almost, like being at the bottom of an ocean, sunken like my bereft heart. it was so dark in-fact it was hard to see the specials board. our server also failed to bring this to our attention, so perhaps a not-so-specials board after all. it was illegible from where i was sitting and from what i could make out, squinting in the squinky dim light, there was a bottle of something at the top of the list for 62. i flicked my eyes back into my skull and over to my dinner date's direction where the news was confirmed, my fears confounded, there was no octopus on the specials board. placated temporarily with a good gibson martini, i chewed on my picked onion whilst waiting for our order. ogling others food, in-between trying to maintain polite conversation, my vexation was further piqued seeing waitresses stuff brushettas into their bouches behind the counter right next to us, whilst we waited what seemed an inordinate time for our food to arrive. when our food did arrive, we chose a great flavoursome selection; i'd like to say virtuous linguine vongole, but dangerously spiked fennel meatballs, pretty pea-shoot, peach mozzarella panfocaccia and although delicious, a poor substitute; cuttle fish risotto. learning of polpo's octoplethora; another 8 arms branching across london, it might be fairly enchanting to dine here, but i shall not be suckered back until polpo has pitched up tentacles on it's menus. it's been far too long since i visited polpo but it's usually quite packed so i never again got a table when walking past. anyways the one time that i did go, left a really positive impression. as i like picking and trying lots of things, the small plates of which you can order a few suit me really well. we shared a fennel & almond salad (totally up my street), veggie meatballs in tomato sauce, and fried calamari. everything was delicious and i can't wait to go again and try more! this has been on my to do list for some time and after my visit i felt quite underwhelmed by the experience. i knew about the concept of tapas style dishes and have also been to their sister restaurant sputino's which was great. the dishes we had were good but nothing really stood out. i was hoping to walk away and go to someone "make sure you go to polpo and get... " but i can't. i would still recommend this place to go if you are in the area and especially if you want a quick small bite before a show, as the food does come out quick, but don't go out of your way for a full dinner as the bill can quickly rack up if you get more than a couple of dishes each to share.the staff were great and as we sat at the bar we could always grabs someone's attention. (visit - 11/03/2015 dinner) loved this place (found using yelp of course) i popped in for dinner with some old friends a week or so ago. its was great. quite small but intimate with a nice atmosphere. its a similar concept to tapas with lots of small meals which you share around the table. i had the spaghetti with meatballs which was great. i also had the cauliflower cheese which was really nice. the service was also really good. i will definitely come back! i really wanted to like this place - the vibe was amazing and our waiter was wonderful. unfortunately, the food wasn't so great. i ordered the crab and chili linguine and when it first came out it looked and smelled delicious. but the first bite was just so disappointing. the taste just wasn't there and the linguine was mediocre at best. maybe i just ordered the wrong thing? i'm not sure, but i definitely wouldn't get what i got today a second time. i might be willing to come back and try another dish though, just because i loved the environment so much (and also because the price is very reasonable - my dish was around 8 pounds and definitely filled me up). polpo has been on my to visit list for quite a while but it's not exactly the kind of place you'd go to every week as it has a strict no reservations policy. the best way i can describe it is italian tapas. lots of amazing italian dishes meant to be shared.they recommend two to three plates per person and we ended up ordering seven which was just the right amount for us and luckily we both seemed to have similar tastes. there are no starters or mains everything just comes as and when it's ready.the first dish we tried was the fried stuffed olives. oh my god, whose idea was it to fry olives and oh my god can i kiss them?! although there were only four of these they were huge beasts of things and absolutely divine. i could definitely have eaten a whole portion of this to myself. next out was the crab & chickpea crostini along with the fritto misto - lightly battered mixed seafood including octopus, squid, anchovies. the crostini was very nice with a generous portion of topping to bread ratio but the fried fish was simply amazing. it was a light batter, almost tempura style and it was just lovely. the linguine vongole - spaghetti with clams - was bursting with clams but a few of the shells were broken and i got bits in my mouth which was a bit unpleasant but to be expected when you're eating shellfish. the proscuitto, smoked mozzarella & rocket pizette was probably my least favourite of the lot but that's not to say that it wasn't delicious it's just that the rest of the food was so good. by this point i was starting to feel a little full and as a plate of classic beef & pork meatballs and spaghettini was placed in front of us it looked like a challenge but the meat was cooked to perfection that it wasn't a chore. finally we had the chilli & garlic prawns, one of my favourite things ever and i'm kind of glad these were saved for last as they were without a doubt the best dish. six huge succulent king prawns with their shells still on. mmm... i'm salivating just thinking about it!lovely atmosphere and perfect service, i can't wait to return! i don't know where to begin. everything was spectacular and prepared with seemingly great care. definitely try the meatballs and the duck ragu. the food portions are a bit small (at least for these hungry americans that had been walking all day), but ordering a few dishes to share is definitely the way to go. i didn't go for dessert but the options looked great. the food is right up with their other restaurants and it's a good thing as there was nothing that great about the rest of it. the restaurant is quite small but so are their other ones. it feels like the don't make enough of the space as they have done with say beak st. decor was forgettable, toilets were pretty gross and our waitress was odd. kept telling us it was disgraceful that we didn't all get there on time and i just couldn't tell if she was trying to be funny. but the food was great..favourites were chickpea meatballs, linguine vongole, garlic prawns..but seriously no bad dishes. just need to fix the other stuff & it'll be as awesome as their other restaurants.	0	0	1	0	0
 a three minute walk from the london eye, this place has great mediterranean food. started with the tzatziki and truth be told i wanted to lick the plate- it was so creamy and delicious, and served with warm, grilled pita. they even brought us over extra pita (thank you!) i ordered the lamb moussaka and my boyfriend ordered the adana kebab, both of which we enjoyed very much. we ended our night with hookah outside. the owner came out and chatted with us and gave us flavor suggestions. the service here is on point- they checked in on us frequently without being overbearing. we were the last table of the night as they were closing up and they encouraged us to stay and enjoy the last of our hookah without feeling rushed. an awesome experience! food was good. we had the "london meal" which was a mix of small portions of a few dishes. it was great ! portions were great and they accommodated us in one of the dishes we didn't want and gave us more of another one instead. location is ok. easy access and lots of space. the service was slightly slow and they added 12,5% service fee to the bill without asking. we do not appreciate this practice. it's up to the customer to make this decision. great place with very good service. lively and great portions for the money. the server was very polite accommodating and the suggestions he gave were bang on. not often you leave things on your plate in london but this place gave you a great taste of food from turkey. not a great selection of restaurants in that area so this one was a gem for sure despite being in the heart of a tourist zone across from a hotel, this was not a tourist trap. i was rubbing my eyes when i saw the four star overall on yelp considering the location. seriously all of the other places in the same area ranged from 2-3.5 stars. service was friendly and fairly attentive. it was father's day and the waiter was quick to wish me good tidings. i'm fairly sure it was the owner who also came by later to say hello and ask if we were enjoying our meal which we did.the food is really tasty. portions could be a little larger for the price but definitely well prepared. i got the lamb skewers which were excellent. good seasoning and juicy. one daughter had the chicken skewers and same deal. both come with a simple salad and basmati rice. my other daughter ate a burger which was standard. my wife ordered the seafood stew which came with prawns and squid (she opted out of mussels) vegetables in a creamy tomato sauce which worked wonders with the rice. we also got calamari which was yummy but again would have loved just a bit more on the plate. the bread they served was phenomenal. if you're looking for a good bite in this area troia is worth the check-in. great mediterranean food and george, our greek waiter, was lovely. we had a variety of appetizers and they were all yummy. i had a spicy shrimp dish that was hardy and flavorful and warming!! took all my leftovers home too and it was just as good the next day. food - 5service - 5value - 4great spot for lunch after taking in the tourist sites around parliament square (this spot is located across the river and closer to waterloo station than westminster station). we got the prawns as a starter and then an order of lamb shish kebab and an order of the mixed grill. we all agreed that while everything was fresh and tender -- what stole the show was the lamb shish kebab. prior to this trip to europe, my mom never really liked lamb meat. but after troia (and a few other places in the uk), my mom realized she really likes lamb meat after all! excellent find right outside the london eye area. delicious turkish food at very reasonable prices. the service is somewhat relaxed and slow but otherwise expected good flavors. conveniently located near our hotel. tzatiki was delicious. it was a lot of tzatiki, but not enough bread to go with it, in my opinion. chicken kebabs were nicely flavoured and very tender and juicy. staff at the restaurant is okay, could have given off a friendlier vibe. their fish & chips looked delicious! if i go back before i leave town, i'd like to try their fish & chips. mushroom spinach chicken was flavorful and big breast of chicken. spicy beef was very good but portion was mid sized. food for price is great. service slow at beginning but they were very nice to us. and our waiter and manager kept smiling. it was nice. definitely recommend the turkish coffee. on a recent trip to london, i made it my mission to eat a different nationality food each and every day. this might very well have been the best of the bunch! came with a colleague who didn't mind taking this food adventure with me. we actually ended up here on accident as we were looking for a sushi place, but i guess it went out of business. this looked inviting and you can't go wrong with turkish/mediterranean food, so we stopped in.there's some 13 course meal deal for 12 pounds (or 12 courses for 14 pounds) each that looked like a great way to try a little bit of everything. the two of us split a turkish bottle of wine and gorged ourselves on the plentiful food we were served.hospitable staff (although we didn't really talk much to them) and amazing food. bringing the wife back to london on my next trip, and i'm sure we'll hit this place up! very good mediterranean food. but i wish there had been more salt and lemon in the humus. the mixed grill was delicious but make sure and ask for some chili sauce as that took the dish from a 3 to a 4. the chicken salads where good and the burger as well. we had intended to ride the londoneye but after learning that a ride for the five of us would cost nearly $200 american dollars we opted for a leisurely dinner instead. good find amongst the myriad of bland food english restaurants. food was very delicious and authentic. great service and outdoor seating. i will be back again before we leave london. i got the lamb kebabs, and they were very well cooked. just a touch too well done for my personal preference, but flavor was fantastic. and i'm sure they would've cooked to my liking had i asked/had they asked me. price is moderate. the one negative was the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting. i had to swallow my pride, momentarily forget my (borderline) germophobic tendencies, and actually clean off the toilet (to use). i was scared to touch the floor, as it was wet just about everywhere. if you don't have to go while you're there, you'll have a solid time. first visit to europe, first time in london, first night here we went to troia. we felt very comfortable (we're from us). the wait staff was super-nice and welcoming. the food was as good as any we've had in our 3 days here! hope to go back and try some of their interesting looking coffees and desserts! good mediterranean food. i got the spicy chicken pot. it was very tasty. my sister and dad got the fish and chips and thoroughly enjoyed it. the atmosphere was pleasant and relaxing. good option close to big ben the english aren't know for food but this place is an exception. when in london make sure to visit this place. the food is good the service is good and it is reasonably priced. a must visit! the staff are friendly and the menu is mainly turkish ,the restaurant is decorated to make you feel that you are sitting somewhere in turkey but does lack atmosphere .we tried the lamb moussaka and the spicy beef stew which arrived very quickly both were tasty but nothing special . overall it was pleasant experience but it did not leave me thinking that i wanted to go back again! the food was excellent! service was superb! nice leisurely dinner not too crowded by typical tourists. food was fantastic!!! we had a meze for 2, and everything we tasted was delicious. from the grilled pita to the tabbouleh to the hummus to the kofte and the chicken and lamb stew. delicious. my husband and i are on day 1 of our 14 day honeymoon and this place in london was wonderful. it was walking distance to where we're staying and in a nice plaza close to other restaurants which put me at ease for night time walking. the menu is very affordable all the while tasting excellent and you can even order hookah which i thought was nice. we dined indoors but they have an outdoor dining area as well. the inside was decorated with turkish style lamps and their bar area looked neat and tidy. service was great and their turkish wine was nice and smooth too. we would definitely come back here. highly recommend! i would have given five star for the food but customer service and uncomfortable furniture is what pulled the rating down. given the location however its a good place to eat. stumbled into here and it was delicious. super friendly staff and fantastic fresh food! the humus kavurma is terrific and the chicken my daughter had in her salad melts in your mouth!! troia is located across from the park plaza westminister hotel. this was our first, but not our last visit. david, our waiter for the evening gave great advice and was kind and helpful. we had lamb and chicken kebabs with rice and salad. i barely needed a knife to cut through the melt in your mouth lamb. the chicken was juicy. nice wine list and good single glasses. very generous portions. nice mix of couples and families.don't miss out!!!!!!! it was wonderful. service was fantastic and the hummus was delish. (i got a 2nd order). delicious food and quaint atmosphere with very interesting glasswork. what a great place to stop and have lunch after visiting the london eye. we're trying to avoid the rain so we stopped in and had some hummus and pasta and wine. i know those don't sound like they go together but it was actually quite scrumptious. the location is fantastic, right down by the river.i highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a quick pitstop in between tourist attractions. great place for dinner. food was so good. we got the fix price option and had many dishes to try. lots of flavor and friendly staff. this place has potential, it's in a great location and the decor has a lovely, arabian feel to it, but the place is a bit lacklustre mainly because of the service. when i called to make a reservation, they didn't really seem to register what i was saying and even though they had confirmed the reservation, they didn't seem to know i had made a reservation when i got to the place. even though the waiters were polite, most of them seemed quite ingenuine. the food came fairly quickly and it was quite nice, but nothing special, so paying 35 for two main dishes and a beer seemed quite steep for a mediocre service and standard food. ordered the ribeye, sadly disappointed, tough as leather and as bland a sand. i've had buffet carvery better than this. food is good here. we had a few buyers and chicken kabob. service was quick with starters coming out right away.server was friendly. fast and friendly service, delicious food, and an excellent price! also easily accommodated my gluten free needs since many options are naturally gf (just ask for the gf menu). we loved the mixed grill. we went back again for lunch during our week-long trip.	1	1	1	0	1
 we came for sunday roast, and it was everything we hoped it would be. we started by sharing a doddington caesar salad. it comes as it should with anchovies but if you're not a fan i'm sure they'll keep them off if you ask. they're also easy enough to pick off. the roast (cooked medium or well done) comes with potatoes, greens, carrots, and yorkshire pudding. the gravy is yummy with beefy bits in it. we had a malbec with our meal - it was fruity on the front and spicy on the back and went really well with the roast. our server told us that the reds they have available are selected to go with beef (which makes sense haha) so you can pick any red on the list that is your preference. for dessert we ordered sticky toffee pudding (heavenly), ambassador's reception (inspired by ferrero rocher candies - yummy but really sweet), and blueberry cream (creamy, sweet, and tart). with our desserts we had the full fat old fashioned, made with bourbon infused with butter. that's right, butter. they also add sugar and ice, and trust me when i say if you like bourbon, whiskey, or scotch, you will appreciate the richness and smooth flavors of this treasure of a drink. trust me - order one. you can thank me later.the service was also good. our server mario was friendly and happy to answer questions. they had me at roasted bone marrow. i could care less, if that's on your menu, you have my heart! oh wait, your offering bone marrow sauce for my steak? i just died and went to heaven! the lobster starter was perfectly tender and well seasoned. a little difficult to share but we managed just fine! gracious server! we wanted the scallop starter but there were four of us. he offered to add an extra one without us even asking. fantastic! we all agreed it was one of the best scallop dishes we have ever had!our steaks came perfectly cooked to order, well seasoned and delicious. reviewing mashed potatoes is silly right? put me in a corner with a bowl of that magic and i would die a happy person. fantastic food, fantastic service and a fantastic evening!highly recommend !!! we loved the steaks , veggies and of course the dessert too! everything we ordered were so amazing, tasted so good. the steak was the best steaks we had from london on this trip, also the veggies too. great customer service and the prices was decent! ! !we would come back if we stayed london longer. or we will go again when we travel london again. there are a few hawksmoor's in london, run (executive chef) by the renowned richard h. turner. we ate at the knightsbridge restaurant. if you want steak done right, this is the place to come. they also have quite a bit of seafood on the menu, and importantly this was also expertly prepared and served. the dartmouth lobster was outstanding, as were the roasted scallops served on large shells. this place reminded me of another favorite steak house of mine, halls chophouse in charleston, sc. the main difference was that the sides are so much better at hawksmoor. we had the mash and gravy, chips and spinach, none of which could be faulted. service very friendly and efficient. they always have a meat special, and on our visit it was 44 day aged lincoln red beef. shared a 900g prime rib, cooked to perfection. my family and i were very happy to find this delicious steak house. everything was excellent! i had the filet mignon, sweet potato and creamed spinach. my daughter had the hamburger. we were very happy. ecstatic actually as it is soooo difficult to find great food in london. if i ever return, this is a for sure destination. thank you hawksmoor for one of the best dinners we had in london. i loved the atmosphere and drink menu in this restaurant. i found the staff to all be lovely. i just felt that it took way too long to have dinner. it was over 3 hours, and it was a very long process between drinks, ordering, dinner and dessert. we also waited a bit to pay our bill. for a group of 5, i just found the lack of regularly checking in on our table a bit disappointing.i enjoyed my food tremendously. i had the fillet, which was cooked perfectly for me. i loved the mushrooms and sweet potato as a side.i had the cinnamon ice cream for dessert - so delicious. simple and sweet treat. known for their tender and flavorful steaks, the hawksmoor restaurant group's location in knightsbridge is perfectly situated near the museums and the renowned department stores, making it the perfect stop for lunch while taking in the sights, or as my friend and i chose to do, a dinner in style.we opted to start with scallops, roasted over charcoal, which gave a nice hint of smoky-ness to them, accentuated by the white port and garlic-infused butter they were served with. since we couldn't decide on individual meals - we wanted a bit of everything as it all sounded delicious - we chose to share our mains. first we ordered a whole steamed brixham lobster, served with garlic butter. the lobster melted in our mouths, the texture perfectly light and buttery, and the garlic didn't overpower the dish, but enhanced it. next we chose an amazing 1.3 kg tomahawk steak lightly cooked to perfection! if you've never had a steak at a hawksmoor restaurant, you're truly missing out. we talked to the staff, which by the way were so outgoing and friendly, and learned that the restaurant only uses the finest british beef suppliers, using traditional methods instead of mass-produced farming. the steak was tender, rich, and honestly one of the best i've had in my lifetime. served with triple cooked chips, the potato starch is exactly the right accompaniment to the perfect steak. i'm a sucker for a crispy, delicious chip.despite being so full from our delectable dinner, we opted to end on a sweet note, ordering the ambassador's reception, a chocolate and hazelnut flavored pudding, reminiscent of a certain spread we've all enjoyed. the best part is they donate a portion of the sales to a charitable cause for world hunger. we also ordered the sticky toffee pudding, highlighted with a dollop of clotted cream. everything about hawksmoor knightsbridge was exceptional. a true culinary gem! went for sunday roast. definitely not the best roast i've ever had...but it was definitely good. the service was a bit lackluster and they weren't thrilled that my husband and i were splitting the roast. portions are huge (hence the splitting of the meal!) so you actually get quite a bit for the steep price. great decor inside and fantastic knightsbridge location. omg!!! this place is sooooooo amazing. great selection of wine. meal preparation was beyond excellent. great service. i was hear visiting and a friend brought me here... this is easily a place i must visit when i'm in london. hawksmoor!!!! you will not be disappointed... this is the mecca of read meat. come here, get a cocktail, and eat some steak.after two years in london, i finally decided to visit hawksmoor and it was well worth it! the rib eye was succulent, very well cooked, and perfectly seasoned. i had the steak with bernaise sauce, which was rich but not overindulgent. my boyfriend enjoyed his steak with the stilton hollandaise which i preferred over the bernaise. we also ordered the mac and cheese, tripled cooked chips, and roasted mushrooms. i thought the highlight of the sides was the mac and cheese. the mushrooms were nice, but i wouldn't necessarily order them again because the marinade was slightly too sweet for my palate. the chips were good - i mean, they've been fried 3x so that didn't come as a surprise to us.the ambiance is nice as well - dimly lit, stylish, but not too stylish. however more importantly, the steak is amazing. i will definitely be returning! what a waste of time and money....called up to see if i could make my booking earlier, from 8 to 7. they moved it to 7.30 because they were "fully" booked. the fact that through the dinner , there were so many empty two person tables is embarrassing. hardly fully booked.i should have listened to my friends review that it wasn't great but i didn't listen.no soul or vibe to the restaurant but fine, it sometimes is the case.ordered the wine, guy found it tough to pour, dripped on the table and my water despite the cloth around the bottle neck. it's not that hard. then the wait, so long for the food to come.food arrives, slowly the guy puts the food on the table. 850 grams of steak, fries and bone marrow. the steak wasn't that 850g. insulting to charge what they did for 11 small pieces of steak. literally the size of a t bone steak for 1 in any other restaurant. needless to say we finished, feeling hungry, half a bottle of wine left, certainly a first, the meal was fast.the little service that there was, was poor to say the least. not sure if they don't care or they are not trained but it was a waste of time.left unsatisfied, quite insulted that the daylight robbery had occurred. i pay for good quality but what this was, was a joke. i'm sure the pub on the corner makes better food.london needs a steakhouse but this certainly isn't it.don't waste your time or money. took my son for his 19th birthday. he loves steak.best steak i have ever had and he agreed, tender and flavour filled. great service. not cheap. we wore semi-smart attire (blazer, slacks business shoes - no tie) - some people were dressed more casual but that felt wrong (this is a high price and high-class restaurant).will go again for a special occasion. it's my second time in london in two years and my second visit to a hawksmoor restaurant. during my last visit in 2014, i was obsessed with the the idea of sunday roast and did a lot of research on restaurants in london with the best sunday roast. hawksmoor seven dials was the choice then. my husband i had a dinner time reservation and the beef roast had run out before we ate (on this trip i noticed the menu said it was only guaranteed until 5 pm). we were disappointed and contemplating leaving until the waitress convinced us that the roast chicken with all the traditional trimmings would be a good substitute. it was (!!), hence my eagerness to return to a hawksmoor this trip.this time i was on my own and i made a late lunch reservation to ensure that there would still be beef. all aspects of the meal were enjoyable. the waiter didn't scoff when i ordered a medium to medium-well piece of meat (i'm pregnant...usually i want it bloody). veggies (especially the carrots), yorkshire pudding, crispy roast potatoes, gravy, and horseradish sauce were all simply and perfectly prepared.i thankfully left some food on my plate so that i'd have room for dessert. the hawksmoor's sticky toffee pudding was one of the best desserts i've ever had. i'm not an aficionado on this particular cake, but i don't think that matters much. trust me, it's freaking good. the cake was generously soaked in stunning toffee sauce and the super super smooth custard on top left was divine, not just an afterthought. lay off me, i'm pregnant.the restaurant itself is a pleasant place to eat. it smells of wood fire and whisky when you walk in (mmmmm). the decor is straightforward with a subdued mid-century modern feel. very appropriate for a hip steakhouse. sirloin was really good. my wife had the mussels and thought they were brilliant. the sides - macaroni cheese (excellent), creamed spinach (decent), mash & gravy (underwhelming).service was very good. our wine glasses were never empty yet they were unobtrusive and professional. i now want to try their sunday roast! went here on a saturday evening to celebrate my and my girlfriend's birthdays. the drinks at the bar were very good, we then got our table at the back of the restaurant and since we like to eat a bit earlier than the rest of london, we had no other guests around for the longest time. we shared the chateaubriand and had fries, spinach and the tomato salad as sides, she had the hollandaise and i had bearnaise and omg was the meat tasty and cooked to perfection (medium rare). the waitress suggested a wine based on our order as my initial suggestion would have had too much flavor for the chateaubriand and suggested a slightly cheaper and less strong wine which my gf, who isn't too much into reds, enjoyed.the ambassadors reception is a must try (if you, like me, enjoy ferror rocher) for dessert! overall, wonderful experience! honestly, i wasn't impressed with hawksmoor. the food was subpar for the most part and it wasn't worth it at all. i had an early dinner without a reservation and got seated immediately. the ambience of the restaurant is very nice and slightly casual. for appetizers, i got the mixed oysters. i would like to say that i'm relatively familiar with oysters... but these all tastes the same to me, so i questioned whether they were in fact mixed. it was fresh, but i wasn't a big fan of them. i also got the tuna tartare, which was probably the best dish all night. it was delicious and the portion was generous. i had the ribeye for my main. i guess presentation isn't really a big thing for their steak...because it's literally just a piece of steak on the dish with nothing else. i ordered it medium rare but it came out rare. i didn't think it was savory either, just a piece of meat. other things to note.. the mac and cheese was delicious. the drinks were good, i enjoyed my concealed weapon. the service was very good. the server checked up on us pretty often. the wait for the food was average. overall, an overpriced dinner for a meal that wasn't event close to wowing me. this was the third hawksmoor i've been to in london, and i've still never been disappointed. if anyone has a better steak i'd love to try it, because this is my favorite! from the steak, to the sides, to the desserts, to the cocktails, i always find the meal to be amazing. this time my friends and i shared a 1kg porterhouse, a bunch of different sides, and topped it off with a sticky toffee pudding. the full fat old fashioned is fully of buttery goodness, and everyone else enjoyed their cocktails as well - the espresso martini is always well received by my friends, so if that's your thing i'm sure you won't be disappointed. hawksmoor is always my restaurant of choice for a steak celebration - and every location has been consistently amazing! i was ready to be let down by hawksmoor, because all i'd heard were gushing reviews, but it definitely met and exceeded my expectations. the steak tartare was divine, as was the creamed spinach. my boyfriend got the steak with stilton sauce and it was incredible. i don't usually have a three course meal, and it was delicious - although i did have to roll myself home afterwards. it was amazing. amazing. both times i've been i stopped by their cool little bar at the entrance and had a delicious beer. good start!the restaurant is beautiful and reminds me of a 20s fancy steakhouse. food was out of this world. we got bone marrow which is incredibly rich and intense and probably my favourite thing on the menu. we also go spinach and mac and cheese (both classics) and you could literally have a great satisfying meal with just those too and the bone marrow, let alone the steak. i got a porterhouse steak and you choose them from a blackboard with their respective weights. after ordered the cross it out as you've taken their only xoz steak of that particular cut and its refreshing to know they don't just have hundreds of steaks in the kitchen. steak was amazing. it's very easy to order too much so be careful! definitely recommend for a special night out. did the full on experience here-- raw oysters and raw seabass appetizer, steak and sides, dessert and drinks.ginger brew is excellent, a little lighter, yet not too sweet. raw oyster combo is excellent; i forget the names but two out of the three kinds were quite good, third was a little too briny. raw seabass appetizer was delicate yet substantial.mashed potatoes and gravy looked small but was quite ample in reality, and the caesar salad was artful, yet definitely not subtle (literally, whole baby romaine leaves covered in cheese and with an anchovy). and the ribeye was excellent-- rare to perfection, marbling to match, a little sea salt, simply superb.desserts were very good, the lemon meringue sundae was the right balance of sweet ice cream and vanilla chips (?) yet sour with lemon zest. went very well with the glenronach 18 allardice.overall, quite good, even the basement architecture compliments the meal and adds a lot of atmosphere. not cheap, but then, a good steak out rarely is. without fail my go-to steak restaurant in london.the purest hawksmoor out of the bunch in my opinion, the ambiance is perfect under the vaulted ceiling. the staff are brilliant in their informal, knowledgeable, attentive yet unobtrusive manner but the highlight is the attention to detail that marks hawksmoor above the rest. you could also say, hawksmoor knightsbridge over the rest of the bunch.being a creature of habit and also living by the "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" my usual dinner for two.start with the mixed oysters, shucked well and served on ice with the usual accoutrements and of a really good size.the main event of course we're out usual two perfectly hand cut fillets. done rare they melt in the mouth with no toughness to be found anywhere. i would be happy with just the steak but of course te sauces and sides add to the experience. the triple cooked chips are crispy, fluffy in the middle and exactly what you expect. the wilted spinach is just that, not a load of mush just wilted with flavours of garlic. the massive baked sweet potato has hints of spice and is mashed to perfection. then there are the sauces: as a traditionalist the peppercorn tastes fresh and is evidently not sat there brewing away however the stilton hollandaise is naughty. really naughty. i'm sure it's a gateway drug as its creamy, cheesiness is not only perfect with the steak but is even better as a decadent dip for your chips.if you still have room for more the desserts render me speechless. the fruit pie is amazing especially when lavished with the jug of fresh custard *starts salivating again* and i am assured that both the hand made "rolos" and sticky toffee pudding seal the deal and put you in a post-dinner nirvana of satisfaction.i won't review the cocktails otherwise this will end up in war and peace territory as there are too many to name however rest assured they are of an equally high standard, lovingly made, thoroughly tasty and well presented like everything else hawksmoor knightsbridge has to offer.(the old fashioned is beyond epic) wow! just wow. a stranger on our plane suggested it and we are so happy for it. the scallop appetizer and the jersey rock oysters were fantastic. the pork belly ribs were beyond luscious! then we had potted beef and bacon with yorkshire pudding and onion gravy. amazing. the cocktail and wine lists were the most extensive i have seen. the staff are all genuine and friendly. you can't go wrong here. overall, it was a great lunch, a tiny hiccup with the steak, but everything else were fabulous, the side dishes were also excellent, in fact the triple cooked trips are some of the best i have tasted in london. you are looking at paying a similar price for less than average steak chains elsewhere in london such as angus steakhouse so hawksmoor's express lunch deal was indeed great value for money, service as expected was also very friendly and well mannered, i got nothing but love for hawksmoor. went saturday night , staff very polite and helpful, had starters which if you have a big appetite is fine. sirloin steak was cooked to perfection but unfortunately both myself and girlfriend struggled to finish as very substantial. so my only criticism is could they do slightly smaller steak selections (in weight) - cocktails and wine also consumed and enjoyed. as ever with hawks moor restaurants not the cheapest but no complaints as whole experience worth it.i would recommend. my first time here and what a great place. we went for the the set menu which is really well valued at 3 courses for 27.00.the wine and extras made it slightly expensive but nevertheless worth it.my wife had the steak which was amazing and i went for the hake. it was good but not out of this world.homemade ketchup with twice fries fries was a nice touch! one of the best steakhouses in london has arrived in knightsbridge. if you like meat, hawksmoor knightsbridge is a place you should have on your map!it was unplanned - on my commute home, my phone suddenly alerted me that something was wrong with the district line. not that surprising, really - but this time, there was a part closure. worse, the part of the line i needed was closed, so i decided to stay on the train and get off at south kensington, to have some light bites outside. disappointed after the failed attempts to get a place outside without waiting, i was already at the bus stop to make my way home, when i remembered that hawksmoor opened a new branch in knightsbridge recently. i looked it up and as it was not too far away, decided to give it a go, to salvage my friday evening after a busy week. hawksmoor knightsbridge is located in a little side street and probably easy to miss if you do not know what to look for. once you enter, you are in a beautiful, elegant space dominated by dark wood, brass lamps and light green leather. at the reception, i was asked for my name - wrongly, i assumed they wanted my first name and spelled it. and i was corrected. yes, of course the "oe" should be an "", but i had given up long ago spelling my name with "" in london. however, the woman at the reception was german and when i confirmed the umlaut in my name, she immediately recognised that i was also german. sometimes you get the impression that london is quite small, and full of germans.after i made my way down to the table, i was offered a complimentary glass of champagne, because it is summer. that's what i would call a great start! after a quick look at the wine list, the lovely waitress - another export from the continent, though not from germany but neighbouring poland - asked if i had any questions. if so, she could get the sommelier over to me. i always like to get recommendations from people who know about wine, and soon after the sommelier talked me through the list. i asked for something light, either white or red. he suggested a few options, dashed off, and then came back with three tasters. really excellent service. i decided to order the one he mentioned right at the beginning, an unusual grenache (birichino, old vine grenache 2012 - santa cruz, california) with a distinct taste. a good choice and a really delicious, light, red. too light for many other people, i guess, but right for me.i was slightly disappointed that they do not bring complimentary bread and butter, but then i did not have to wait too long before my juicy, medium-rare grilled fillet steak arrived. it was a bit on the rare side, i would say, and tasted very good. the peppercorn sauce had a strong and lovely peppery flavour, i just would have liked to see more peppercorns in it - again, that's just a personal preference, and as it was full of pepper flavour, i did not really mind. when the friendly german descended from the reception and wandered around the dining hall, she stopped by and we briefly chatted about london and their meat - i did not know, or remember, that hawksmoor sources its steaks exclusively from ginger pig. good to know, ginger pig now seems to supply plenty upmarket places with their quality produce.as side, i had chosen the safe option, triple-cooked chips. they were golden and crunchy, just as i like them. they had nothing special to them, nothing that makes them stand out, they are simply very good chips. when i added some salt and pepper from the little mills on the table, i found the chips even more enjoyable.after destroying the beautiful steak, i went on to get a delightlingly decadent dessert dish - they call it their take on "ferrero rocher" and it is a gold-plated chococlate heaven. many different textures and flavours, creamy and crunchy, and simply one of the nicest chocolate desserts anyone could imagine. once again, an excellent recommendation, this time by the helpful and attentive waitress. when i ordered the dessert, she had explained to me that they serve climpson & sons coffee, so i had decided to get one. you think that when they source coffee from a nice roastery, they should also serve a decent cup. and they did, the flat white was indeed better than the coffee you mostly get at restaurants. often i regret ordering a coffee even at outstanding restaurants - not here.i was at hawksmoor before and i liked it. however, this time the steak was even better than at my last visit some years ago. as you expect in knightsbridge, it all comes with a certain price tag. really, at this level i kind of expect to get some nice bread to start with; perhaps that's out of fashion now, and maybe i eat too much bread anyway...that takes nothing away from the absolutely delightful fillet steak, peppercorn sauce, wine and service. i came her for dinner after arriving earlier from nyc on vacation. i read prior to the trip that the sunday roast was a must have and to be quite honest, it exceeded all expectation. the roast itself with a drink was more than plentiful. i would most certainly recommend came here on a tuesday night with two co-workers. restaurant was full but they served full menu at the bar, so we sat down. before he took our order he brought our drinks and spilled mine all over my lap. my pants, shoes, and feet were all doused with coke - my shoes were wet inside the sole for me to walk in, and i had to sit on a napkin the rest of the meal.. he apologized and brought a napkin and club soda but offered to only cover our round of drinks and my cleaning bill for the clothes. well, given that i had a non-alcoholic drink, that didn't benefit me very much. plus, i was flying out the next morning so there was no chance of having any laundry done before then for them to cover. when i pointed this out, he didn't offer to do anything else. the steak was just ok after that, but the service left me extremely upset. excellent ribeye steak as is the usual hawksmoor way. service dwindled as the restaurant got busier but a reliable branch of this wonderfu chain. last night alan and i celebrated our 32nd wedding anniversary here. it's about a 10 minute walk (shorter if you're a fast walker) from our hotel and has been open a couple of months, i think. it's a branch of a small chain of steakhouses in london. you walk up a couple of steps and down a long flight of stairs to the host station. our hotel concierge had switched our reservation from one of the other branches to this one at our request, since it involved a walk rather than a taxi ride. we were greeted and amid a little confusion over our reservation (were we a party of 7? no, it's our anniversary, it's just the two of us.) our hostess confided that she had just celebrated her first wedding anniversary. she escorted us down a shorter flight of stairs to a table for two.the restaurant has high, white curved ceilings. several tables were filled w/ parties of varying sizes and as the evening progressed the restaurant filled up. the noise level was high, but not unpleasantly so. we looked at the menus and i looked at the cocktail menu, then the wine list. we both decided to have 400 gram ribeyes, mine rare and alan's medium rare, w/ no additional salt. as i looked through the sides i saw the expected creamed spinach, then following it, spinach w/ garlic and lemon, which sounded perfect. with the guidance of our waiter we decided in addition to share the heirloom tomato salad and the triple cooked chips, unsalted. shortly after ordering, another man, seemingly a manager, but who also worked as a waiter, came over, wished us a happy anniversary and asked us about wine. alan explained he had to stick w/ water because of the limitations of his liquid intake. i was interested in a glass of wine, so the sommelier was sent over. he was young, bearded w/ long hair and a plaid shirt w/ the sleeves rolled up. he was adorable, the antithesis of the old school pretentious, imposing sommelier. i told him the style of wines i like and he made a few suggestions. two were available by the glass and he offered me small tastes of each, a cabernet and a malbec. they were both delicious, the cabernet a little smoky, both smooth. i decided on the malbec because it seemed to open up more over time and he brought me a glass. i suggested to alan he ask about the tiniest glass of beer they offered so he could have just a taste. it's been months since he'd had one. he spoke w/ the manager/waiter, whose name we didn't hear. unfortunately they don't have beers on tap, just in the bottle, but he suggested getting a bottle and drinking just a small amount, which is what alan did.our steaks were delivered,along w/ the sides. the meat was delicious and the spinach was wonderful,much like what i make at home, but the addition of the lemon was new and lovely. the heirloom tomatoes in the salad weren't as vibrant as i'd hoped they would be, but the combination of the tomatoes, tiny dices of cucumbers and thin slices of red onion w/ the lightly piquant vinaigrette was flavorful. the chips were delicious and crispy. alan requested some catsup for them. after dinner our manager/waiter came over and encouraged us toward dessert. when i said that alan didn't eat sweets, he suggested a cheese plate, which sounded good. we are quite susceptible to temptation. there were three cheeses, one a blue, one a sheep's milk and i forget the third, along w/ two types of crackers and some chutney. after we'd finished the cheeses the sommelier came by w/ a plate on whose rim was written in chocolate, 'happy anniversary' w/ three artisan chocolates in the center. it was surprising and most welcome! since alan doesn't eat chocolates, they were all mine. one was salted caramel, one was passionfruit and the third was bourbon based. they were each lovely in their own way, although i think the passionfruit sang to me most sweetly.when the bill was presented our drinks had been comped and the price of the cheese plate had been reduced. everyone we came in contact w/ at the restaurant had been kind and friendly. we felt royally treated and if we lived locally we would be regulars.	1	0	1	0	0
 gorgeous mexican food served by some of the kindest and friendliest staff in the city!we were offered a cramped corner seat which we weren't too pumped about so they let us (party of 2) take a bigger table for 4 and offered to move us as soon as different table cleared out. tonnes of vegetarian options on the menu all through out. we started with delicious ginger margaritas, recommended by the waitress. we also got to try tamales for the first time (they usually don't come in a vegetarian variety) and their guacamole as a starter was heavenly. for the main we went with the taco tray which was was much fun! you get to assemble your own tacos with a bunch of different ingredient choices. be sure to ask them for their spicy green sauce on the side - that will really add a kick to the food. the food was phenomenal. the service was perfect and all for a great price. cannot wait to be back! my friends and my husband and i ate here last night. we got a wide selection of food from the extensive menu. my veg friend and i got the tamales with queso con rajas to start. the tamales are decently sized and served steaming, as all good tamales should be. they tasted very good, with a decent enough serving of queso and rajas. but not spectacular. i've had better in mexico. we also got guac and chips for the table and that was fine enough. my husband got three horchatas so no complaints there! my friend and i split tacos: one order of nopales and one of flor de calabaza. the orders are served in smallish bowls, but filled almost to the brim, so a great serving size for the price. also, there is a separate dish offered for an array of spicy sauces. lovely to look at. but out food was just... fine. the nopales had a bit more of a zing but the flor de calabaza was very bland. the corn tortillas at least were lovely (served hot, thin and didn't fall apart completely when wrapping food). my husband said his pollo con mole was decent but again, nothing to rave over. i admit my bar for mexican food is very high after living on the texas-mexican border. for fantastic mexican food go to taqueria in notting hill instead. or even breddo's tacos has fabulous fusion creations (although at a much higher price point). i really enjoyed it!i especially liked the mole enchiladas - a must get.the tacos al pastor were also very tasty and came with grilled pineapple which may actually work better than raw pineapple. not for the taco eaters - load them up bc there are only 3-4 toritillas in the little bag and you'll have leftover filling if not!on yelp reviews' recommendation, i also ordered the tres leches cake, it was very tasty but i have to say after the enchiladas and guacamole i should have probably shared with at least 1 person. i couldn't finish it and it was pretty sweet so if you're not into sweet desserts beware! really good lunch here - ruthlessly yet not unpleasantly efficient service delivered two excellent enchiladas and the bill well within our allotted hour. we appreciated them pushing to take our order before a big group's although i noticed their lunches had also all arrived in good time. my pork enchilada was great and i would definitely come back - very convenient for visiting mancunians as it's near euston! this is also el burrito by mestizo on deliveroo. i got the rajas con crema veggie burrito which has the very hard to find (in this part of the world) poblano pepper in it. very yummy and i wanted more of it! could have done with more heat overall but hey ho, heat tolerance is so subjective!my main critique is the packaging.  they came only partially wrapped in foil (!?), in a cheap, styrofoam, environmentally unfriendly container. burritos should be completely (and tightly) rolled in aluminium foil which makes them super portable, even for a deliveroo person! c'mon people - get with it! where to start? this is by far the best mexican restaurant i encountered in my 2 years in london. their signature dishes include their taco tray (pick four kinds of meat and they take care of the accoutrements) and the molcajete (spanish word for the bowl in which it is served, basically a red or green salsa based soup filled with fajita meat and vegetables to serve into your tortillas). the tequila display is also impressive and the frozen margaritas (can be ordered individually or in pitchers) are on point.if you're looking to save a bit of money, make a reservation for one of their two sunday brunch sittings. you serve yourself buffet style and will not be disappointed, although i highly advise also doing the aforementioned dinner experience at least once because you will miss out otherwise! authentic and excellent mexican food in london. it's a simple place with friendly service. we started with the flautas and the guacamole. the guacamole was fresh and yum and the flautas were perfectly crunchy and tasteful. for the mains we got the chicken mole enchiladas, the vegetarian and chicken bowls. the chicken mole is made with 25 ingredients one of them being chocolate. i was a bit hesitant but was pleasantly surprised with how good it was. the bowls were huge and can easily feed 3 people. it's a great place for vegetarians as they have a separate menu for it. highly recommended. i have mixed feelings about this place - there were hits and misses but on the whole i think they'd entice me back. probably because i'm still dreaming about their 50-ingredient house mole sauce which i had served over chicken enchiladas for main! it even contains chocolate which explains the gloriously spicy but sweet flavour that i imagine some might not be a fan of but i loved. it was just a shame i couldn't finish the generously sized portion as it was actually quite heavy. in fact i think most of the main courses were, as my friends had a similar problem - especially the two that decided to share the 'molcajete mestizo' stone bowl speciality and sadly ended up wasting half of it by the looks of things!the quality of the mains was good but i was disappointed by the starters - so that might help you with where to focus your efforts! i'm geekily fussy about topping distribution when it comes to nachos and it's fair to say they were off here (esp the cheese and sour cream). the tortilla chips didn't taste very fresh to me either, and the guac i found disappointingly bland.the servers seemed rushed off their feet with the place heaving even on a monday eve, though our waitress was nicely efficient to start with, particularly given we were a party of 10. it's worth mentioning it's a very veggie friendly place with even a separate vegan menu upon request. the staff largely disappeared for the second half of our meal though and getting someone over to pay the bill took so long we almost walked out. i'd go back with a smaller party as i don't often find mexican food that i like in london, and it's all quite reasonably priced. i'd know not to waste time and stomach-space on the starters either (except for maybe the stuffed jalapenos), and i'd like to try one of their tequila flights next time too! this is in the top five of the best restaurants i've been to while living in london for just under a year. not only is the food fantastic but the service is great and unlike sooooooo many other restaurants in london, this one is comfortable and not noisy. you can actually have a conversation - what a novel concept! back to the food, though. the menu is huge but we ended up getting the guacamole to start, the taco tray which was really fun to eat, the beef molcajete, and two entrees. for four people this was more than enough food. the jalapeno margaritas are tasty as well. i am definitely going back. really - fantastic place. the best and most authentic mexican restaurant in london.no frills, no gimmicks, no tex-mex.straight up excellent comida, efficient and typically mexican service - the head waitress is fantastic... super charming and takes no ####!lunch deals are great, 6 or 7 for quesadillas or burritos.seasonal menus and specials.a very dangerous tequila selection - you've been warned.aye carumba...que rico... best tres leches of my life. awesome place! chimichanga was dry and flavorless and didn't come with any of the condiments promised in the description (sour cream, lettuce, pico de gallo, etc.)totopos were stale and also flavorless.the only good thing was the salsa, which they serve hot (is this a thing?) but would have been better cold. coming from california and been living here for 2 years, i could say this is the best mexican cuisine i tasted so far. i order the beef nortena, salsa verde, guacamole thru deliveroo. guacamole from here reminds me of guacamole from sf stores. the nachos are also freshly made. salsa verde had a nice favour. two couples on a friday night. room was crowded and very loud. not a huge place, but tall ceilings and lots of hard surfaces = not great acoustics. difficult to hear each other at times. service was good. top-shelf margartia was good and fresh. guacamole was nothing special. lacked real flavor or punch. mole poblano chicken was nice. chicken was tender, favlor was good.not a bad spot, but not as 'trendy' or 'upscale' as some of the reviews and their own language would have you believe.dined in june 2017. seriously the rudest staff i have encountered anywhere in london. my friends and i were so put off that we left immediately and didn't want to spend a single penny at this establishment the best mexican in london, hands down. this ain't no texmex, this is authentic mexican at its best. best margarita. best tacos. best tequila selection. get the hotpot, it's amazing. service can be slow sometimes, but the quality of food makes up for it. they do an amazing job changing up the menu for the tequila festival, mole festival, tamales festival, margarita festival, the list goes on. you want amazing food and drink and a great night you won't be disappointed here. be sure to book in advance because they tend to be full on weekends especially. this is hands down the best mexican food i've had in london, and i've been searching for 14 months to find a place to fill the hole in my heart that has been here since moving from north carolina (which has great mexican food) last year. the queso fundido with chorizo is fantastic. the chihuahua cheese mix really hits the spot and reminds me of home. less creamy than i'm used to, but still really good. the guacamole was fresh and flavorful. the chips also were quite nice- fresh tasting, not stale, right amount of salt. i had nachos for my main and they were the only decent nachos i've had in london. decent is and understatement though. they were delicious. beans, the right kinds of cheese, jalapeos, chicken. not soggy, still crunchy and amazing. would've been better if it came with salsa on it, but i was able to add some that my friends had on the side. made it very yummy!for drinks we just did a pitcher of the house margarita on the rocks. nothing fancy, but it hit the spot!my friends ordered the taco tray. loved every filling. solid amount of food too, no one left hungry, but everyone left happy. during my time in london, it was so hard for me to find authentic and great mexican food until i found mestizo! i am from new york and have my certain spots already so i wanted one in london. i ordered their flautas and they were amazing! the best i've ever had from a restaurant! their mole is absolutely delicious and you must order their tres leches cake! had a great experience and hopefully will go back to this place when i go back to london! once again mestizo did the trick! went another time with my boyfriend because we were all "let's go there again cuz it's our spot now!" we had the shared special meal this time. did not disappoint! it comes sizzling in a big pot that looks like a volcano. everyone stared at our table...and i just sat smirking and sipping at my margarita! i think the 'specials' far outshine the regular mains dishes. don't stray from the real deal here people..just get what they recommend as specials. oh, and the margaritas were great along with the boozy mexican coffee i had after the meal. this place is my everything.we have a few 6/10 burrito joints in the vicinity of euston station, but mestizo wraps them up in delicious tortilla-y goodness and wipes the floor with them, at a decent price too.i get the mickey taken out of me at work because i usually take someone from the office there about once a week. their chicken mole rocks, you can get a decent glass of horchata, their nachos are a hungover treat, the staff are friendly, the service is quick, their lunch menu is the tits...i could harp on, but if you like mexican just go there, and you won't be hungry for a long time after. everyone i've taken there now bypasses the burrito stand outside the office and walks the extra 5-10 minutes in the name of deliciousness.get on it. we came here on a recommendation and we weren't disappointed.we ended up going for lots of little mini starters rather that the larger dishes. all had great flavour, freshly cooked and very moorish. they might of been on the heavy side with a tad more cheese than expected but who doesn't love cheese?best bit about it all was the margaritas, they don't hold back on the tequila. after a few you'll be falling off your chair. (visit - 27/06/2015 lunch) native angeleno from california here who was homesick for mexican food. this place has the look of a mexican restaurant but ultimately the food lacks in flavor. if you are looking for spicy salsa's get ready to be disappointed. salsa tasted more like a dessert than hot. service is greatly lacking, i thought if maybe i spoke spanish my husband and i would get better service but that didn't seem to help a lot. if you've ever eaten mexican food in los angeles, texas or mexico itself, you'd know this doesn't come near as "authentic" however, cocktails were good. ate dinner here tonight. we did not have a reservation and restaurant was busy. great vibrant atmosphere. seated quickly. wonderful choice of margueritas  delicious blue (special) marguerita  our order was taken quickly and did not disappoint any one of us. plates were beautifully presented. mole and verdes sauces were full of flavor. chicken was fresh,tender and juicy. desserts and coffee absolutely yummy! highly recommend! had the enchiladas rojas. you get 2 enchiladas for 12 and they are not very filling. i would understand the price if the ingredients were high quality but the chicken was quite forgettable. overall, very unimpressed with what is supposed to be london's best mexican restaurant.the interior was very nice though. been here a couple of times and it's always consistently good food and service. most recently tried the chicken mole and holy - it's good! the regular chicken filling was a bit plain for me.can also recommend the horchata for something a bit different to drink.great service, decent pricing and free dips and chips to begin - always a plus! mestizo has all the looks of a gastronomical, unofficial tourism office for mexico. service is good, but not chilled, and the layout of the place makes it kind of uncomfortable for everyone even though it's a large and fastidiously decorated space. make sure you are facing the outdoors or you will have to stare at that massive flat screen showing the airbrushed beauties of central america in slow-mo.food is fuss-filled, which i dislike as mexican cuisine is all about being filling and practical yet quality of food itself is good: fresh, great presentation, really lovely drinks. ok place for a first date, not so much for a business meal. tip: drink tequila and order some rice on a side! great mexican food is hard to find in london.  there are several options for decent mexican food, i grant you, but this beauty is properly great.  this is the type of food your would get at an upscale restaurant in mexico. high quality ingredients prepared well, including a crazy good mole. the atmosphere is good, quirky, authentically mexican. the drinks are also a high note, esp. if you tequila.  and i don't mean that jose cuervo rubbish!try it out! very nice mexican cuisine for a special night! didn't really like the michelada but that just me, it doesn't mean it is bad. very good menu with lots to choose from and great variety of drinks too. they sell quality! this has got to be one of the best mexican experiences i have had this side of the atlantic. (otherwise it would be at one of the #empellon empire places in new york.)mestizo has a snazzy looped promo video rolling over widescreen tv's making me feel all the more like i'm in a bustling themed establishment, but i'm being sold mexico in a travel information film, thrust down my throat along with the pretty colours of mexico in the film: lush green guacamole and rich red rojas, as hypnotising as the ace house blended margaritas. seeing a joyful film of a piata being bashed about, a rainbow of colour cascading across the wall, i told my date that i was trying not to visualise that that was what my brain was going feel like the next morning having tried most of the well stocked tequila bar.this place is authentic street food, come treat food. whilst tripping on the visuals, tamales were still tasty, just like my date had had in me-hee-ko apparently, (i'm sorry excuse me, no i'm not saying mexico in a spanish accent, that's me hiccuping on booze and really spicy food). they made space for us despite a packed house and no reservations. food was excellent and service was quick and efficient. woukd definitely recommend.	1	1	1	0	0
 cleverly disguised as a rustic saloon bar, the cow is actually a fine gastropub serving fresh, inspired food. the interior is small and cozy, with wooden tables pushed closely together, romantic dim lighting, and classic rock tunes playing from an antique jukebox. eclectic vintage hand painted signs and photo cover the walls. i came here with my boyfriend for dinner, and we were seated immediately. to be completely honest, as a vegan person, i came here with low expectations. perusing the menu, nearly everything contains meat or fish. however, i was so charmed by the ambience that i was happy to just drink (especially with guinness now being 100% vegan)!our server was friendly, and happy to speak to the chef about preparing a vegan meal for me. fortunately, he was very accommodating, and i received a delicious pasta dish with a bright, slightly spicy tomato sauce that was absolutely incredible. we also got sides of fresh bread and cornish new potatoes, both of which were excellent and paired perfectly with the food and wine. the high quality of ingredients and expert preparation of the food was evident, and appreciated. to drink we shared a bottle of the corbieres syrah, which was lovely and reasonably priced at 34. my boyfriend has been here many times and raves about the seafood stew, so if you are not vegan, order that. i look forward to returning the next time i am in london. i enjoyed this bar of all the pubs in london that i had ever visited and we are talking quite a few i never met any group of people more set on being curious as to know who you are where you are from how much money you have and why you are stopping by their beloveds pubam i london tourist i've been there enough times to no longer call myself really a touristbut i just happen to end up there and i was just around the area and happen to run into robert pattinsons his flat. i've always had a crush on him i took a picture in front of his door for shits and giggles and pretty much just ran away with excitement and when i ended up at this bar i happened to mention that i was excited because i was at robert pattinson's flat and the entire table got so hungry with me saying that they couldn't stand him and that they were angry that he bought a flat in that area of notting hill they thought he was a sell-out doing all of those stupid twilight movies i agreed with them on that part but when they told me that robert pattinson was welcome and there are kind of broke my hearti mean there was good service at this restaurant and some cool people hanging out you can tell me lived around the area i bought a round of drinks and i think i spent about 110 lol but it ended up evening out because everyone else at the table so thankful to have such great conversation with me that they paid for my shutter particular and drinks for the rest of the eveningi just can't believe london pubs close at 11 pm that's worse than los angelesi'm from las vegas where booze is available 24 hours a day so it's very hard for me to adapt to the london nightlifei'm sorry i had to throw in the london drama of my robert pattinson story but i couldn't believe that the people that normally go to this pub or heating on to robert pattinson so badplease be nice to him i love himi'm in the new york area right now temporarily he is here all weeki may be on yelp with some dramatic story if i decide to stalk him this week in new york city i'm undecided excellent. i had the fish stew, which was really superb, but all elements of the meal were very high quality.  ate upstairs, great service, a lively atmosphere for a wonderful meal. enjoy! excellent in every way had the duck was probably best ever. ate upstairs and the oyster soup was awesome. one of the first true gastropubs in london. book well in advance. get the sticky toffee pudding. i love this place. my most recent visit was on a cold saturday night in january. luckily for us, even at 8 pm the upstairs dining room wasn't very crowded. it started to fill up around 10 pm when we were leaving.my other half and i sat at a communal table, but had it to ourselves until about the time the check arrived. i really enjoyed my cow pie, which was a heavenly dish of steak spiked with a guinness sauce in a flaky crust. my other half had the steak special. i was lucky enough to try a few bites, and it's one of the best steaks i've tasted in london. it was certainly on par with offerings from some of the american steakhouses. the restaurant was so small that one waiter covered the entire floor, yet service was efficient and friendly. they also have a nice wine list. definitely give it a try sometime! probably the best 'gastro pub' i've been to. only it's not a gastro pub, it's a solid boozer, which happens to serve great homemade food upstairs. loved every dish i was served, from the pint of guinness, to the half pint of prawns and then the crab pasta. service isn't quick but if that bothers you, you don't get it. just enjoy the vibe, drink some beers and look forward to the next dish. value is good with specials mon-thurs. portions are good too. my only slightly dislike was that the crab pasta was slightly too spicy, but that might just be me. enjoy ! this is a serious fish restaurant in the guise of a local pub. i had a crab and fish stew. both were expertly prepared, and the fish was obviously right off the boat. it is well worth the long and dangerous trip from my house (ok, it's a three minute walk). i dont know why the fish stew has received so many great reviews...i found the broth a bit bland and not savoury. on the flip side, they have the best damn rock oysters i've ever eaten. super plump, succulent, large, meaty and very fresh. same goes for the half pint of prawns...filled past the rim and the interior of the pint was jam packed with these fresh lil' guys. prawns and oysters tasted like they just came from the wharf. hands down the best pub i've eaten at in all of england. if you like fresh seafood, a relaxed pub environment, and value, this is your place. i predict i will be eating here at least once a week and will definitely bring all of my out-of-town friends. wow. i was not expecting that. we ordered oysters and the seafood soup and it was incredible. i can't recommend this place enough. there's nothing like paying for an expensive meal and it being so-so. this was reasonable and the quality was much above the price.also they had dogs inside and out which is really cool. dog friendly and delicious. sort of random for a place to be called the cow and not focus on meat. the fish was very good as were the oysters. we sat upstairs, which was quiet and relatively romantic. the best authentic pub in london. we walked in as four american ladies and felt "the regular" vibe right away. we thought one beer and we'll go. then we started chatting and it turned into the most welcoming bar we've ever visited! we made quick friends with the staff and were laughing and drinking for hours to come. even if you're not in the area, this pub is a must visit and feel the real authentic vibe of a pub that hasn't changed in 20 years regardless of its neighborhood status. while having a pub that's seven tube stops away from your flat as your local kind of defeats the purpose of a local, i'm thinking of making an exception for the cow.why?first, it's the only place outside dublin i've had a pint of guinness and enjoyed it.second, the atmosphere is raucous and loud and you want to be a part of it. you'll find suits slurping oysters, peeps in t-shirts buying rounds of shots and barkeeps who are all about facilitating your fun. also, the cow's soundtrack is totally awesome. third, the kitchen is the size of a small closet and yet, magic happens there. skill, that's what you've gotta have to make that work!oh, and, the flags from all over the world hung up around the place just make me happy. my favourite gastropub in london. seafood is king here. crab and chilli tagliolini is a weekly occurrence for me, so is the fish stew (think bouillabaisse). rocks are solid (try w/ guinness) and the whole cracked crab is awesome if you have the skill ;)always a good chablis by the bottle and a nice ribera del duero if you need a red. favourite pub in london. sea food at its best. great steak for meat lovers. real irish gastro pub. i always come here while in london. i came because a friend who used to work here in the past recomended the place, and i can say it was a great recomendation, food looked great, i wasn't looking for a complete meal, more something to have whit drink, so i ordered "the cow special" 6 oysters (big ones) and a pint of gunness short review:oyster sampler was yummy!the sea food stew was to die for!!bitter chocolate marquis was okay.nice atmosphere but the staff wasn't very kind.had to wait at the dining area by myself for 15 minutes as nobody was there.the server didn't really recommended anything.he said their menu changes all the time and everything is good.but to me, it sounds like "i haven't tried our food yet"well, other than that, i had a great time there. definitely going back to try the same seafood stew again!! place is nice. pub downstairs and dining room on 1st floor. service is really sloooooow. i tried the fish stew that some reviewers say it is great. mine was tasteless. at least prices are decent. this place was happening when we went on a saturday eve. we thought that at 9:45 we would have no problem getting a table in the dining room upstairs, but space is limited and that was a no-go, but i was kind of happy about that because the upstairs looked refined, formal and a bit old. we ended up luckily scoring 2 seats at the bar, and the menu down there is different. we had a spaghetti with crab and chili and a seasonal salad--both were good, but nothing to rave about.  the crowd was rowdy and happy but friendly. the music included every genre you could imagine. service was fine.hoping to go back and eat the upstairs food that everyone was raving about, but probably on a weekday with a booking. oysters, beer, and lovely food accompanied our enjoyable sunday afternoon hanging in the back end of this very cool pub. normally this place is teeming with people, but just after noon things were very calm and relaxed.we had the irish rocks to start. i had the onglet with potatoes dauphinoise and the hubs had the duck with mange-tout. both were done to perfection. all washed down with czech beer and a lovely sauv blanc. i can't wait to come back here for lunch. haven't decided yet, whether i'm willing to wade through the evening crowds, though. perhaps this winter when they crank up the lovely wood-burning stove in the back. love this place. great atmosphere, good food and many kinds of beer. a hidden gem in london. beautiful, old school irish pub that always has decent music and great seafood. downstairs is quite small, so not good for large groups. there is an upstairs but it lacks atmosphere, downstairs is where its at. no, i haven't been to every gastropub in london and no, i'm not a londoner, so my experience is based on the one time that i've been there and the food was nothing short of miraculous. the best fish stew i've ever had anywhere - rich tomato based shellfish broth with all sorts of fish mixed in. also had the razor clams as a starter and also delicious. my partner had the crab tagliolini and if i wasn't full from my lunch i would have eaten that too. it's the kind of meal that one could easily use to rationalize making another costly trip back to london from nyc for. that said, i'd recommend going for lunch when you don't have heaps of happy hour standing over you while you eat your food. and beware: the quaint upstairs dining room does not feature the superb pub menu. they should really change that. this was my favorite gastropub whilst i was living in london, which makes no sense since i lived in islington, but i happened to walk into this place when i was visiting years before, and i've always had a special affection for it. yes, the food really is good, it's wonderfully cozy with a great pub atmosphere - everyone is having fun in there and you want to too. i personally like guinness everywhere, but i had a few irish friends who aren't as open-minded as i am, and were impressed at the cow being the first place they liked it outside of ireland. if you're not on a strict student's budget i definitely recommend heading to the cow, and if i'm lucky enough to live in london again, it'll be my local all over again. the cow is very popular and competes for business with the equally busy westbourne pub across the road. if you love fish then their seafood platters are a must. a visit to the cow wouldnt be the same without me trying their pint of prawns in mayonaise- yummyhowever if fish is not your thing then try not to sit near the bar because there always seems to be a distinct fishy smell.the venue really is compact so it's best to get here late afternoon/ early evening if you can. the cow has quickly become my favourite pub since moving to notting hill. the atmosphere is warm and friendly and it is easy to see why it is a big hit with all the locals who are fun. i haven't tried the food yet, but many seem obsessed with the fish stew. i've been very impressed with the wine, guiness and whisky on offer. overall, the fun and friendliness of this place is what really makes it and the standards are very good. phenomenal neighborhood pub with a strong food and raw bar menu to boot. great food and the week night specials are particularly good value. one of the best pints of guinness in london. shame the service isn't as great as the rest of the pub, but it's forgivable as everything else is so good. the cow get a thumbs up from me...i must say i found it all rather interesting that a place calling itself 'the cow' has a big neon sign saying guinness and oysters over the door and pictures that grace the walls the educate the drinker/diner on how well guinness and seafood do actually go together?!?! who knew..a lot of the menu is seafood which they excel at, and while i am usually not a fan of being able to see the kitchen from the table, in this instance i think it works very well..the kitchen is tiny! be warned tho - tho portions are mahoosive..especially the entrees.. i ordered the goats cheese and pumpkin salad to start with and it was big enough to qualify for a main meal in its own right! i love this pub. two words- fish stew! oh and how could i forget the laughing cow stickers that grace every napkin! it's the little things..	0	0	1	0	1
 phenomenal food! we did the four course lunch menu. my goodness it was great! the waiter suggested we do one of each of the choices within the tasting menu so we could try more. we opted for that suggestion, except we each wanted our own butter masala chicken. the butter masala is fabulous. the chicken had a wonderful tandoori smokiness. in addition, one of the starters was a fish cooked with a cilantro sauce (like the green samosa sauce). this was among one of the best things i've ever eaten. and even some of the more 'standard' parts of the meal were outstanding. the shrimp and tomato chutney served as the appetizer was so delicious. and the naan was outstanding. especially the garlic naan!flavorful, casual indian food with some extra intrigue, expected of a michelin restaurant. great service, fabulous food, and tremendously good value for the lunch tasting. walked in at 8 pm on a weekday and somehow was able to get a seat for one immediately without a reservation. i ordered the pork cheek vindaloo with naan on the side. there were three types of naan: plain, garlic, and mint. the vindaloo was quite enjoyable, but to me it just tasted like a good curry, definitely one of the better ones i've had, but with nothing really innovative or mind-blowing that would justify the price. the level of spiciness was just about right.3.5 stars very good innovative indian food. definitely not your typical indian restaurant. they take normal food and puts a spin on it. drinks are also tasty. food portions are a lot smaller than most indian restaurants in the states. we got the following: - kid goat- duck dosas - fish tikka - lamb chops - pork cheek vindaloo- wasn't too spicy - butter chicken - side of greensservice could be better. took 10 minutes for the waiter to come to our table. (4.5 stars) the restaurant is beautiful, the food here is wonderful and the lunch menu (25 for an appetizer and main entree) is a great option. the food can be a bit spicy if you're not used to spicy foods, otherwise you should be fine. overall the main entrees are really the stars. the papadum to start is light, crispy, and diverse with two nice chutneys. the appetizers are very enjoyable but not outstanding, still though i would recommend the potato chat. of the main entrees, the hariyali bream is fantastic, the tandoori chicken pretty much slid off the bone (and had a wonderful sauce with it), and the kid goat was complex and super tasty. truly can't go wrong with any of them! this restaurant has very good indian food. the three star review is because of the service or more specifically the matre d'we had a reservation for a party of eight. we arrived on time and ready to sit down but instead we were told to wait.they ended up making us wait for over 55 mins before sending us to the bar in the basement. i don't like waiting for a table longer than 10-15 mins when i have a reservation. my friend's favorite indian restaurant in london is gymkhana so i'd been meaning to check it out for a while. the boo and i decided to do the four course dinner last saturday in between harry potter play acts (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!). dinner opens at 5:30 pm and we figured we would be a little rushed for time so we got there before it opened. we were immediately seated at 5:30 pm. they were full of reservations (luckily, the bar has a full menu and is walk-in) but since we were early, the hostess said she could seat us at a table if we left by 7:30 pm.we started off by ordering mango lassis. they were excellent, and came in handy since some of the food was spicy and yogurt is the perfect way to calm your tongue. then we had one of each things on the four course menu (four courses for 35 per person from 5:30-6:00 pm. with service fees, i think it comes out closer to 50 per person). we had the:prawn chips and chutney to start. yum yum!potato chat: delicious and the portion size was huge! loved the slightly sweet yet spicy flavoring and the chickpeas were spot on.hariyali bream: a lighter, delicate dish. liked the simple flavoring and mildness of the fish.tandoori gobhi: spicy cauliflower! it wasn't too spicy, but i was glad i had the mango lassi. the cauliflower was a little overly grilled for me.chicken butter masala: oh my gosh, is this what butter chicken is actually supposed to take like?!? it had this amazing smoked flavor and the sauce wasn't too creamy or heavy. so amazing! i think we both wish we had ordered two of these.saag paneer: similar to the chicken, the paneer was way lighter than the paneer i've had in the states. it featured nice mild flavors and some big chunks of paneer. we enjoyed it, but if we were to go back, we'd probably get two chickens. the mains also came with dal (amazing lentils), aloo methi mattar (mild potatoes that were great as a side), rice, and naan (believe these were of the whole wheat variety).mango kheer: we were both super full and couldn't even finish the mango rice pudding-like dessert. it was nice to get a fruity flavor after all the potatoes.ras malai: loved this! if i could just drink the liquid normally i totally would. it was especially good with the little cookie they gave us with our check.the service here was excellent, and they do a great job of pacing out the food based on how fast you eat so we were able to make it back to the theater with time to spare. we were both so full for the rest of the night. would definitely come back, especially for more of that chicken. omg, i thought just of simplicity - 4 courses for lunch (2 for each of us) but there were so many more to come then we expected and with a great customer service. excellent deal and good food and service. love europe!!! we absolutely loved gymkhana! everything was perfect. the decor is warm and cozy with a colonial feel. the menu was heavy on the game meats which i found pretty interesting for indian food.the chicken dishes were so tender. the flavors of each dish were a delight to our tastebuds. the dal was probably one of the best dals i have tried. just the right consistency with a kick of spice. achari chicken tikka, sprouting moong kachumberwild boar vindaloochicken butter masaladal maharanibread bowl without a doubt the best indian food and possibly some of the best food i've ever had. i stopped in for lunch and got the 2 courses for 25. to start they brought out some papadam and other little breads along with shrimp and mango chutneys. the mango chutney was quite delicious. then came the crab, it was a whole fried soft shell crab on a bed of puffed rice. it was quite good and quite spicy though a little dry. then came the chicken chop which was absolutely fantastic, maybe the best chicken i've ever had period. it was well spiced, had nice char marks, was juicy, and super flavorful. i didn't even touch the gravy as it didn't need any. the leg chat was also very good. it came with a side of garlic dal, potatoes, and rice. the dal and potatoes didn't blow me away but were good, i found the dal a little bland personally. service was excellent and i feel like for the quality and quantity of food i got that it was very reasonably priced. i'm really looking forward to coming back on my next trip to london, it really was one of my most memorable meals. i love indian food and i really love this restaurant. dinner reservations are tough to get, but lunch is still outstanding or you can try for a spot at the bar. i eat here every time i'm in london.no matter what you order, you'll wind up with too much food and it will be glorious. its a good mix of traditional with contemporary, but still very much indian. people who are spice-averse should let their server know so you can be guided appropriately. the staff is very friendly and helpful.there's obviously no shortage of vegetarian options, and the tasting menus can help keep the prices reasonable. however, you will likely spend a lot of money on their creative cocktails - i like the spicy one that comes with a side of incredible coconut ice cream to help cool your palette. haute and hot.it's a memory that has stayed with me: the look of concern on the server's face as my friend gulped down water to soothe the burn from the aggressively spiced soft shell crab masala bhel. she'd come to check on whether we needed anything and seeing the barely touched plate pushed away, made inquiries on what the issue was, and apologized sincerely. unbeknownst to us, and without promising anything, she let the kitchen know and came back with a fresh plate of the tangy and crunchy appetizer where the heat level had been knocked down a few notches... amusingly, my friend couldn't even finish that one!gymkhana, named after high end clubs in the days, and reminiscent, of the british raj, is deserving of the different dining accolades it's received: from the michelin star to the uk national restaurant of the year in 2014. you can look beyond the marble tables, oak paneling, and hunting trophies and actually appreciate the food, which lounges effortlessly on the corner of innovative and comforting. if you've missed tikkas, kababs, and masalas, make your way here to find dishes that have made optimal use of the tandoor and charcoal grill. the tandoori guinea fowl reminded me of the best versions of the dish from my childhood: grilled to the precise nanosecond where it's retained juiciness inside while having the requisite char. at gymkhana, you won't find the meat covered in a dye that evokes colors from a tanning salon nor will you find the coating of batter so thick as to overpower what it envelopes. staples of indian cuisine like lasooni daal and aloo methi are executed precisely as well. while we enjoyed the (haryali) bream, it's fair to note that the menu excels when it comes to game, and there are plenty of options for those that cherish it.unfortunately, the desserts underwhelmed me completely: lacking any of the imagination or innovation that you see otherwise in the dishes. the apple and blackberry falooda with rabri kulfi was merely competent despite the promise of its ingredient pairings, and the cardamom and fig kheer not only was boring, but bland as well - not too mention poorly executed with the rookie mistake of not being sweet enough (perhaps striving to keep the flavors dainty and subtle, but overshooting in that goal). so...spicy. had no idea everything was going to be so spicy, it was definitely an experience. delicious! we started with 2 punch drinks - one came with fresh cinnamon you can shave into your drink yourself, another came with fresh nutmeg. super creative, great presentation, and delicious!for food, we got the duck egg + lobster appetizer, and potato puffs. potato puffs weren't good at all..the duck egg and lobster we couldn't get enough of.for main, we got the buttered chicken, tiger shrimp, pickled veggies, rice, and bread basket. more than enough food for 2! everything spicy but good (even the pickled veggies!)we finished the meal with coffee and green tea. skip the tea - extremely basic and plain, not worth the upcharge.restaurant is designed well. huge door to open the restaurant, it's right next to the alexander wang store. there aren't a whole lot of seats, but the center walkway is wide so it doesn't feel stuffy or crammed at all. make reservations super early!! london is the indian food capital of the world (outside of india). look no more. the best indian food in london can be found here. everything is so delicious...just wish we have room to try more. service is perfect too - attentive but no overbearing. if you want indian food, this is the must try. i would recommend tiger prawns and lamb curry. i got so many recommendations to dine here during my visit from london. the food and service was above and beyond what i expected. my husband and i were terribly late and they still accommodated us. we both got the tasting menu (mine regular and his vegetarian) it was a very heavy tasting menu with good portions. i really enjoyed it because i got dishes which i'd never order to try and those dishes turned out to be my favorite. the fish tikka was phenomenal it had some mustards seeds. it was perfectly cooked and so fresh. i also loved the lamb keema it wasn't overwhelmingly seasoned it was very well balanced. the main course included palak with corn which was very fresh and had great texture. my stomach is grumbling just thinking about how fabulous the meal was! i would defiantly recommend this spot. terrific dinner at gymkhana, which is a very unique and interesting restaurant. modern interpretations of indian cuisine set in a thoroughly non-indian setting. when i entered, gymkhana was not what i expected - it felt more like a neighborhood bistro than a cutting edge indian place. the room was instantly comfortable and in no way hinted at the tour de force that would be presented.the a la carte menu was very interesting but we couldn't choose - so much looked good - so we opted for the only sensible choice, the tasting menu. 6 courses of yumminess and it is a lot of food, so be prepared.everything was clearly identifiable to its classic precedents, yet none of the dishes were like indian food i've previously had. for the chicagoans amongst you going to gymkhana felt like the first time i went to arun. arun changed my perception of thai food forever and gymkhana was similarly mind expanding.our menu was:- papads with shrimp and mango chutneys- samosa papdi chat (the most subtle and intriguing samosa i've had - a dish not normally associated with subtlety).- peanut and green mango fish tikka (served with a lovely sake, this dish was again subtle and surprising with a wide palate of delicious flavors).- kid goat methu keema - another of these mind-expanding dishes, it's presentation looked like typical indian food but the flavor profile was deeper and more varied than normal.- pork cheek vindaloo - tender and delicious. i overheard the table next to us remark that it was too spicy, just as i was thinking it would benefit from a bit more heat. no accounting for taste i guess, though the entire affair was flavorful without being spicy (imho).- mango kheer - super light and delicious mango rice pudding. it took me straight back to southeast asia, but was unlike any mango/rice i've ever had.we had the wine pairing which i thoroughly enjoyed - the wines paired extremely well with the food (a feat i never could have accomplished on my own).service was good, and the pacing of the meal and the feel of the room made for an enjoyable evening out.  gymkhana is highly recommended and the 70 price for the tasting menu was a terrific value. i like it...ambiance is good, service is decent for an indian place, and food is good but not excellent. of all the things we ordered, the lamb chops were the best. they were thick, but cooked perfectly, where the entire thing melted in your mouth. other than that, the dishes were average to good.i would go back there again for the lamb chops, plus its a fun time the best cocktails ever! loved the mysoor drink and the quinine sour! absolutely fab! the appetizers are delish: loved the paneer, hubby loved the quail kebabs, the gol gala's are fab! the bhindi is a must try! we loved the food. the ambiance is great! the service phenomenal. if in london you must try this amazing spot! came here for lunch today and went for the 2-course pre-fix menu. very creative menu and combinations, and my eyes were bigger than my stomach. after eating most of the papadams, and ordering a mango lassi, i downsized my 3-course to a 2-course meal. got the goat egg, lobster burji for the 1st course, which was in a thick gravy and served w/ a fresh paratha. this was really filling, and i almost wanted to reach for my pillow for a nap afterwards. i barely had any room for the tandoori chops, but at least ate the chicken. i unfortunately did not have room for the dal, aloo, or rice. great flavor combinations, and definitely incredibly rich. masala chai to cap off the meal was a nice touch. excellent meal at this michelin-starred resto in mayfair. started off our meal with very tasty goat keema (ground meat with spices) with a side of bheja (fried brain, sounds scary but it was really delicious). our main was the muntjac biryani (wild deer) which came with a lovely flaky buttery crust on top, and we ordered dal and okra on the side. our meal was 50 a person and well worth it for the whole experience. we didn't have a reservation, but they reserve 6 seats at the bar downstairs for walk ins so we were able to be seated easily at around 6:30pm on a wednesday night. the food, wonderful, flavorful and if you get the odd pork cheek vindaloo spicey, but not too spicey. the only reason the place didn't get the 5 stars its likely to deserve is due to the slightly zealous key waitress. let me preface this by saying that when it comes to service, i'm a happy american. what i mean is that most service staff in america that serve an elevated place like gymkat...sorry almost made the mistake calling it by the name of that bad 80's karate/gymnastics film vehicle gym-kata. like i was saying however, most places that have the wherewithal and staff to pull of the professionalism i observed this evening have long since championed the virtues of a "helpful but absent" wait staffer. less is often more and allowing your customer the luxury of pondering another drink before they finish off half is the drinkwould be prudent advice. they were very kind as well, since they found me a seat at the lower bare downstairs. they have wonderfully talented and eager bar staff that were willing to be most adventures and make me a mescal old fashion as is my custom in los angeles. gymkhana is delicious indian food. great combination of traditional flavors and innovation (wild boar vindaloo, pheasant seekh kebab, etc). the duck dosa was by far my favorite dish. the tasting menus are large enough for two people to share. decor is fun, and the service is attentive and very helpful (especially in picking dishes). if you love indian food, this should be in your list. this was the first i had of two dinners in one night. i have limited time in london so need to get everything in! it's by far the coolest indian restaurant i've ever been to. gymhana is located in the bustling mayfair neighborhood and boasts a colonial feel with a fabulous bar and cocktail list and authentic indian food with a focus on wild game meats. i started with the the venison naan and a nicepeanut salad. both were really unique dishes. the naan came with a superb cucumber and mint raita but i didn't love having meat in the naan. the peanut salad had a nice flavor of masala and fried lotus root. the butter chicken masala was the best i've had. it was creamy and rich with really tender chunks of chicken. wild boar vindaloo was great too. it had the perfect amount of heat that lingered a little but wasn't overwhelming. rice pudding (kheer) to end the meal was lovely with a scoop of pistachio ice cream hidden under the rice.i will definitely return! a must if you're looking for fabulous indian in london. very tasty indian food. cool decor, inventive drinks, good service. i thought this place was all hype but the lamb chops are a revelation. i ordered the venison keema nan (good but a bit spicy) and the game meat biryani (also good, aromatic and spicy -the pomegranite raita was delish). i tasted the lamb chops and they were a succulent feast from the gods. if i make it back to this side of the atlantic i will be getting this dish again. for dessert i ordered the wattalapam which was like an aromatic dense panna cotta served with banana raisin ice cream. it was a beautiful dish though very small it was satisfying. since i didnt make a reservation i sat at the bar. my bartender was this friendly tattooed roman man who was serious about his craft and made some pretty amazing cocktails. he made me a variation of an aviation (gin, egg white, lemon , violette and a secret something). i highly recommend. very tasty indian food with and extremely interesting drinks menu. as indian food amateurs we found the menu a bit hard to follow but we did our best to muddle through with a bit of help from our not so friendly server. in the end we were very happy with our butter chicken and lamb selections. one of the best meals i have ever had!! i ordered the chicken wings which were crispy and had a fair amount of spice to them.  the punches were really good, they had a very unique flavor of mint. for my entree i splurged and got both the lamb shank and venison biryani.  both were phenomenal!  i couldn't recommend this place more! very good food and setting. food with spices isn't my top choice usually however this was fantastic. every dish ordered was great from starters to mains to dessert. the restaurant is pricey however worth checking out if you can. i was very very disappointed and so was my friend. i was so excited to eat at gymkhana as i read a lot about it (most of the review i read, people were invited to eat there).they won a michelin star so i thought it would be a very special place for indian food, now i know that doesn't mean anything at all. we left the place and both thought that next time we want an indian dinner we will just go to dishoom. two dishes were really good and special but the rest was just nice. service was surely the worst ever and i never felt so rushed before in a restaurant. for sure service is the reason why our experience at gymkhana was not as we were expecting and we didn't take time to enjoy the food and the wine. the food here is excellent and the service is efficient and courteous. we had the scallops, the paneer, a chicken dish, the truffles, and the salmon, and they were all outstanding. it is an upscale place that also has genuinely good food, unlike many upscale indian restaurants in ny and california that focus too much on creativity and fusion and not enough on taste.the food is a bit on the spicier side, so if you are not used to indian food (or to british curry houses), ask for mild as opposed to medium or spicy.the lassi was very good, but the rosewater drink was too sweet and not flavorful enough. i'm really baffled by the michelin rating assignment. you can eat at a michelin star restaurant meal in london or new york without breaking the bank. that's a fact. you cannot do so in san francisco. you just can't. they must be handing them out like candies in london and new york. other cities have to earn it. both in the quality of food and the price of the meal. i arrive with much skepticism. indian food in the bay area and vancouver are really good. in fact the top indian restaurant in north america is in vancouver, if you ask me. i've had superb indian food for local people in and made for white people in india. i have indian friends who take me to hole in a wall places in the south bay and they are always superb. and i have had a lot of indian food in london in the past. how exciting could it be? well, quite, actually. for starters, this a fancy pants place. the decor is impressive and very british actually. the drinks were very good. a full on service bar. but here is the real kicker. for a lunch set menu, it's only 25 pounds. basically $38 a head. for a michelin star restaurant. insanely affordable. i went for the dosa duck and kid goat, rose flower ice cream for dessert. other party had paneer and tandori chicken chops.there were so many other things to get like the duck egg and soft shell crab, alas, one only bring one stomach to lunch.i liked the option of bread basket or rice as the carb options. get the bread basket to go with your kid goat. it's stellar. sauces for dipping that were creative and innovative. i wish the restaurants in san francisco bay area could take notes from this michelin starred indian restaurant. indian food can be better than they are back at home.a couple arrived and were seated next to us. she's chinese. he's french. they were having a tough time, and were fighting quite a bit. i sat awkwardly because i can understand what she said under her breath in chinese. i knew everything she said on the phone with her friends in shanghai too. poor dude was not getting any break. but, after the food were served, it appeared that they finally had calmed down and stopped making a scene. they were all of sudden making up by having a civilized conversation about the food. i'd like to think good, scratch that, excellent, food does that to people. outstanding food make people happier, and thus more forgiving of one another. (note to people of dating age: go to a nice meal and make up. stop fussing over small things.)bonus point, it's minutes away from fortnum & mason. after lunch, stock up on your teas and biscuits befitting of the queen's mother before returning to the states. this is the epitome of a restaurant. it is the gold standard for the 5/5 star yelp rating and frankly i think other restaurants can be judged against it. we went here on a recommendation from my attending and she was right. being indian myself, i judge indian food quite seriously and probably critically compared to the average yelper. this place offered authentic indian food in traditional and not so traditional ways. their drinks were amazing and their attention to detail showed on everything from the service to their fancy bathrooms! if you're in london you must book a trip for lunch or dinner here. we did a two course lunch and did not regret it. perfect amount for two people.	0	1	1	0	0
 lemonia is a must-try if you are a greek food connoisseur. i visited 13(!) years ago and convinced my family we must come during our trip a couple months ago, as it was very memorable the last time i was there. we were not disappointed! i had the appetizer portion of dolmades and they were the best i've ever had. for my entree i had the lamb with tomato sauce.... i can't remember the name exactly, arne de something? it was perfectly tender, practically falling off the bone, with the perfect amount of sauce--and i like a lot of sauce! my parents both ordered lamb dishes as well and were equally pleased. our server eric (who was great, putting up with my very needy family) recommended the moussaka, which my sister ordered, and it was seriously incredible. i'd order that the next time i go back.we loved the complimentary rose-flavored turkish delight. the baklava, while tasty, was a bit too sweet/honey-drenched for our taste.while the food was by and large perfect, an incident at the end put a little bit of a damper on the experience. we were all paid, stood up to leave, when a man (i'm guessing a manager since he was not dressed like the waitstaff) ordered us to wait while putting his arm up to stop us from moving to the entrance. apparently he didn't believe we'd paid, because a credit card verification slip had been misplaced or something. luckily we had the copy of the receipt and showed it to him, which was satisfactory i guess, but he then explained that the waiter was new (he might have even said an "apprentice" and that's why the receipt wasn't in the right spot. i work in the industry and have to say it's completely bizarre and unprofessional to reassign blame instead of taking responsibility or simply apologizing for the mix up. we didn't appreciate being treated like criminals and stared at by other patrons since by that point we were all already standing up from the table. i have to imagine that was a one-off event, but in the future management shouldn't throw waitstaff under the bus, and maybe have policy to let customers know if a server is new. guests are generally very understanding/forgiving when the expectation has been set that the server might need a little assistance along the way. i spent 9 days as a tourist in london...and this was my favorite restaurant. not only is it set in a quaint, beautiful, moneyed neighborhood that affords views of the city skyline, it's also just a gem and and of itself. the service was incredibly attentive without being intrusive. my waiter knew immediately that i needed to use the bathroom and, before i could ask, sent me off in the right direction. he also told me firmly that i didn't want certain combinations while ordering...which is great because i don't really know greek food and appreciated his steering me.we did the lunch set menu...which is a great bargain at 12 pounds. we were starving and showed up exactly at noon, were seated very quickly. it was already 3/4 filled and, very quickly, the restaurant really filled up to capacity--tourists, locals, londoners. it is a watering hole. so, it was great people watching with a lovely clatter and din. just the kind of place you want as a tourist. for me, the house wines were an excellent deal: 5-6 pounds. and i found myself making my way through a few of them. stick with set menu. it seems like the thing to do for lunch. you don't find this kind of restaurant in the states. if you do, you are paying an arm and a leg. i recommend it! i was quickly seated upon entry and served by a waiter, which already was a good start. i got the aubergine "salad"- really a dip- and the artichokes and beans starters. the mains seemed a bit pricey to me. another positive for this place is the complementary dish of radishes, olives and carrots placed on the table, drizzled with olive oil. a really lovely touch! pita is extra. both my dishes were very good. full of herbs that commented the vegetables; the artichoke dish is in a tomato sauce and there is a generous serving of beans. a complementary turkish delight is also served at the end of the meal. the restaurant interior is airy and comfortable. my first time at this type of full course restaurant and it was good! i mean really good! we were visiting some friends and family and this was a delightfully great place. pasta was amazing, i ordered the salmon and it was cooked to perfection. the tuna was also good. the restaurant was also packed even though we went at night so that's always a good sign. next time i'm in london i'll definitely be back! wow, this place is special! it's a very authentic greek restaurant located in primrose hill. the interior is wonderfully decorated and makes you feel at home and oh so happy. service is excellent- they catered to our every need and didn't make us feel rushed in any way despite the restaurant being very busy. the food was delicious. i think one of my favourite things was the side of broad beans. it had such wonderful rich flavours- i could have had that as a main meal and been as happy as a puppy. what? it's true. we also shared the hummus with pita bread, dolmas, seafood platter and stuffed vegetables. the seafood was all grilled perfectly. overall, the food they offer here is just very high quality and wonderful tasting. they don't make anything crazy out of it, it's just lovingly cooked with quality ingredients. it was a really nice experience and i'd love to come back again. just a warning though, even on weekdays it gets very busy later in the evening. love this place! went for dinner with seven other people around 7pm on a saturday night. my uncle's cypriot friend is a regular, so the table was ready for us when we got there. he ordered tarama, hummus, zatziki, aubergine salad, tabouleh, smoked salmon, halloumi, saganaki, sesame bread, and pita to start. all were delicious, but the tarama with pita was out-of-this-world good. definitely get those as starters.for mains we got the pork souvlaki, lamb shashlik, chicken shashlik, kalamari fried, lentils, and okra. for dessert: baklava, vanilla ice cream, mix fruit platter, kataifi, and turkish delight. all wine and food were great, especially the chicken. one caveat: i was not paying for dinner, so i can't speak to whether or not it was worth it. going off of flavors and ambiance, though, i thoroughly enjoyed lemonia! it's funny to see that lemonina has such mixed reviews!we sometimes take a detour on our walk home, and we noticed that this place is always always busy, with happy diners and tasty looking food...so one night we dropped in to give it a try.i really loved the food here. the spanakopita, the saganaki cheese, the grilled seafood, the courgette croquettes... it was all just lovely. we even had room for desert, so i can also report that the greek yogurt and the lemon tart are both tasty too!the waiters could be hard to flag down, even though there were quite a few under occupied who just seemed to chill near the main entrance. but other than that, i really enjoyed everything. i'm sure we'll come back. people who rate this place 4 stars + have probably never been to greece and have no idea what greek cuisine is: lots of fresh food, large portions, sharing generous quantities of mezze, fresh fish and ouzo.this place is a decent restaurant with good, friendly service, but the food is simply overpriced and generally of poor quality.the waiter was really surprised when we asked what ouzo brands they had. we were planning to order a bottle of 700ml -as you would normally do for a table of 4- but they only had tiny bottles of 20ml priced at 17. they see mezzes more like individual starters, rather than a proper mezzes...and again the quality was just average.they are probably second generation greeks or don't understand the whole concept, or maybe they tried to adapt it to a british / international clientele but i am afraid this is not a greek restaurant i asked the same cousin to take me back to lemonia and it was just as great as the first time. i love their avgolemono soup. we had little plates and glad we did so we can try as much as we can. the service is good. the waiter was the same guy we had before and he did say he remembered us. i wonder. it's a busy restaurant. reservations is recommended. i "revisited" lemonia greek restaurant in primose hill my last night before returning to california! i have been here a couple other times during past london travels and wanted to make sure i saved the best for last! truly authentic tasty greek food with cypriots and greeks serving......until next time.... i remember going here about 15 years ago when it was packed out and it's good to see that 15 years later some things haven't changed. we had a very cute elderly waiter who was extremely attentive and there is a real family feel to this restaurant oozing out of the walls. the hummus was that good to start with we ordered another plate straight after! the vegetarian main course selection is a little thin on the ground (two main dishes from memory) so i opted for a few of the smaller vegetarian dishes and starters. excellent value for money for such a good quality restaurant in a lovely area. i definitely would have scored it higher if there was a better food selection for the non meat eaters. very disappointing, and not worth the price. the service was very nice, though.we had moussakka which had a bad texture and hardly any taste, and lamb skewer which was ocer cooked and hard to eat. umming and aahing a bit between 3 or 4 stars. this has been here forever - i remember coming here as a primary school child with my parents when we were visiting london - so it must be doing some things right. the food is great - really delicious. at my most recent visit in october 2015, i had halloumi as a starter (grilled so it was perfectly flavourful) and then lamb souvlaki, which was marinated in olive oil and was tender and utterly tasty. definite thumbs up.i think, though, that it's the quality you would expect for the price - a lot of the mains at around 15, and while fine, not the most generous portions ever. and there's something about it that makes it feel like it's not quite sophisticated enough to warrant the price tag - presumably the main thing going for it is the primrose hill location, but it's a bit crowded and noisy to feel like a really decadent evening. nice place with good location near primrose hill. there's the beautiful garden area inside the restaurant, brings a touch of fresh and greeness. it's the first time i tried greek food. we had the starters and two mains, the seafood mixed grill and mixed meat grill, with the special greek drinks( i forgot the name lol) the meat and seafood are well cooked, very tender and tasty, espeicially the lamb. we also ordered two desserts, typically greek ones. however i found they're bit overcharged, we are four, 35 per head. nice family-run greek restaurant in primrose hill that's easy to get to via the tube (chalk farm on the northern line isn't more than a 5-min walk). a popular place on weekends though, so def recommend booking in advance. the menu is full of greek classics so come hungry. the hummus app was tasty along with some dolmades (served with mince which i had never seen before). you also can't go wrong with the grilled halloumi. the stuffed aubergine was a rich and tasty dish, served over spinach and topped with bechamel sauce. others in the group got some char-grilled skewers which had a nice smoky taste and a dish of prawns was plated nicely. the sides left a little to be desired (usually just rice or a small greek salad).atmosphere leaves you feeling like you're in a large house with the noise to accompany it. would recommend asking if you can be seated in the central room which has hanging plants and gets some natural light through a skylight. we were seated in a back corner which was okay, but felt a bit cramped.definitely a place to check out if you're a fan of greek food though as this was one of the best greek restaurants i've been to in london. authentic greek restaurant in the heart of london. gorgeous space and staff was fast and very friendly. the food was just delicious reminded us the greek vacations. will definitely be back we arrived around 10:20 pm and we were still able to have food. the waiters that served us were lovely, personable and aimed to please. the food was good and was greatly appreciated late on a cold and rainy thursday evening. this restaurant was a very happening place whereas all surrounding establishments were closed or closing. all in all a nice experience. we will be back. great address! love the beatifull place in this quiet area of london called primrose! excellent and friendly service. fresh fish and sea shells! mediterranean food lovers you will be thrilled! wow.. this place is just amazing. we stayed in primrose hill and ate here several times. lunch and dinner this place is always packed. the food is top quality. the waiters are always friendly. this is my favorite greek restaurant that i have ever been to. order the meze plates and you will be full. also, the moussaka is fantastic. i give this place 5 stars! great food, lovely location, friendly staff. the turkish delight is always a lovely touch too!!! b-list british celebs and equally dull food.so the food: quail was dry and garnished like it was the 80's still. saganaki was dry and expensive and boring. aubergine mash/dip was bland and mealy. bread was boring and dry. salad had this awful sweet dressing on it. bleh! i can't believe this is my local restaurant. so let down.the only good thing was the wine, probably because they didn't make it themselves. why this place is so highly rated is simply beyond me.ps. since the service is grudging at best, please stand up to the optional 12.5% service charge. don't fall for this britain- restaurants play of your social fear of looking cheap to get you to pay this. the service here can be seriously slow and the food is already way overpriced for what it is. wait staff in the uk are paid a living wage and get national health. most in london pay more as well. in america service workers often don't have health care, and rely on tips. waiters in many american states can earn as little as $2.13 usd an hour- seriously. it is a totally different system in america, don't be a sucker and adopt it in britain just because other countries do it. great greek restaurant in primrose hill. the restaurant has a great atmosphere inside and has wonderful service. place gets very busy so is best to make reservations in advance especially on weekends and friday nights. they have a full menu with various mezze and main courses. they give a complimentary plate of olives, carrots, and radishes to start. my husband and i frequent for special occasions. they also have a selection of vegetarian mains in addition to the numerous veggie mezze items. they also have a good selection of greek wines at reasonable prices. we frequently order:*lentil soup*tatzatki*spanakopitta*gemista (vegetarian main)*lamb shashilik (husband recommends)*calamari (husband recommends) great local restaurant with a lot of flavorsome food. best greek restaurant in london on the more expensive side for dinner, this is a great place to go on a date. the ambiance is very nice at night. food is a la carte, so absolutely no sides included. i ordered the grilled halibut, and don't get me wrong, it was amazing, but the tiny filet was 22! the side of roasted potatoes were delicious. i have been wanting to try their fixed price weekday lunch but have never gotten around to it. the only thing that i was disappointed about was that we were charges 1 for pita, when we ordered the hummus appetizer. i found that to be in poor taste considering most places would include pita on the table regardless, free of charge. this place is solid. situated on a beautiful street in primrose hill it is a deceptively large restaurant but it never feels big because of its design.this is a place to sink in, relax and enjoy a leisurely meal.i recommend the meze--we had a few--an aubergine salad, taramasala which was amazing and a greek sausage that came with an amazing tomato based sauce with cinnamon. my lamb main was good although next time i'd try the grilled offering.the service was great--good sense of humor greek men who are professional waiters.i love the authenticity, family-style vibe that this restaurant offers coupled with good food. a fan. my wife and i had a great dinner here on a beautiful summer evening. unfortunately we weren't early enough to snag one of the sidewalk tables, but inside was cute and, while bustling. for the food, we chose pretty simple items (grilled halloumi, humus, salad, grilled chicken) so it would be difficult to make them poorly, but all were great. the pita was the only letdown, pretty mediocre.price was a little on the high side. based on other reviews and the fact that this is called a celeb spot, maybe you're paying a bit extra for the ambiance.. i can't believe i haven't reviewed this place because i have been here so many times.i always get the same thing, the mezze to share which i think is 18.50. expensive, but it's so much food. the waiters always snort at me and my friend for thinking we can handle it but they are generally impressed by our attempt by the end! it's a lot of classic dishes done simply, with cold mezze to start, then hot mezze, then a meat platter with rice and salad, (then turkish delight if you get coffee!). for the other reviewers complaining about expense v portion size: this is where you have been going wrong. you will need a fast paced walk up primrose hill to ease your straining stomach after all that lot.the other two things i like about this place are the very nice woman front of house, and their fresh mint tea. in the 5 years or so i lived abroad i came here almost every visit home to catch up with one of my best friends, and we would sit way past the last of the lunch trade without ever once being even gently rushed out. friendship & food: this place gets five stars. why on earth this place is so highly rated is simply beyond me. went with wife and son when we were on vacation last month and staying at a nearby hotel. we went precisely because of the positive yelp reviews. boy, were we ever disappointed.arrived at around 7 on a wednesday evening and were told, despite the place being more than half empty and despite the fact that we'd made a reservation through our hotel concierge, that we could have a table (by the beautiful open terrace windows facing onto the balmy london eve) only if we could be out in an hour. yeah, nice way to greet your guests. note that i had not requested said table, this was merely what was offered . . . and nothing else.the interior is, however, very pleasant and welcoming: lots of light-colored wood, white ceramic tiles with the blue glazing, very traditional greek. and it's quite spacious and airy, so despite the welcome, i figured it might be good.the menu is very large and diverse, but has many (most) traditional greek fare that you'd find at any greek place. i ordered the tuna steak (fresh catch), my son had a sausage sampler platter, and my wife ordered something traditionally greek (i can't recall). i also ordered a glass of white wine and that came shortly . . . it was fine.now, our server was probably about my age, maybe greek, maybe not, but wow, talk about an attitude. he either did not want to be there, didn't want us there, or just wanted to talk to his fellow servers more than he wanted to serve us; the word "surly" comes to mind. this guy was so unenthusiastic and monosyllabic about the menu and the wine offerings, i wondered why he even bothered. during the course of the meal, after our entrees were served, guess how many times he checked back with us? right, none.so, food shows up, my fish is overcooked but seasoned just fine, my salad is just chopped up iceberg lettuce with some carrot shavings and a couple of unripe tomato chunks in a very creamy dressing, my son's looks like a dog's breakfast (although he claimed it tasted fine), and my wife was happy with hers. i try to get our waiter's attention to order a second glass of wine but he is so not paying attention to us.i don't know, maybe if you're a local and a regular, and don't speak with an american accent, you get better service. i was surprised and sorely disappointed. i cannot recommend this place. got to go big as i had a terrific dinner here. i went to another restaurant down the street, but they were not able to seat me (1 person? really?). lemonia, on the other hand, gave me a nice table outdoors on the sidewalk and provided great service throughout my meal. the waiter suggested a side (rice) for my main dish (fresh scallops) that fit perfectly. the brown rice offset the richness of the scampi style scallops. i also had some asparagus that was delicious. with a half bottle of beaujolais, my meal was complete. the restaurant has a nice ambiance and seemed popular with many patrons who looked like regulars. food, wine, service, people-watching and a relaxed setting make lemonia my favorite restaurant in the primrose hill area. crazy busy. lively, energetic waiters deliver standards which are unrefined since 1975. it's fine, but expensive for what it is, as there are more refined versions of this primrose hill staple now popping up, and i would rather go to them than celebrity spot here for an ok meal at a high price. the 12.5% compulsory service was not earned, and i was charged for an unasked for pita bread.	1	0	1	0	1
 the dinner spot to go to in london without breaking the bank. to top off the impeccable execution of meat dishes off, they have an affordable wine list so make sure you pick out some quality bottles for yourself. my friends and i got so many dishes to share and we were all in a food coma afterwards.the dishes we got: beer tartare with anchovies and hummusfried zucchini flowerhanger steak with finger potatoes and grape tomatoes on the vinegrilled lamb legsprosecco-raspberry jelly with vanilla wafer and ice creambaked alaskaall of the dishes are jaw dropping and delicious - except i'd say that the steak was on the raw side for me, but my friend (who lives in italy) really enjoyed it. a must-eat in soho! i really wanted to like this restaurant and had really high hopes for this place, but was disappointed after waiting an hour for a table. this place is tiny and the service is a bit slow so the tables don't turn-over quickly, so be prepared to wait. we went at 8 pm on a friday evening (party of 2), and were quoted a 1.5 hr wait, but we were able to get a table in an hour. the place is tiny so don't try to do a walk-in with more than 2 or 4 people, they probably only have capacity for 30-40 people in the whole restaurant.we shared a few small plates, an entree and a dessert, which was enough food. including a glass of wine for each of us, our dinner for two was ~72. the menu rotates frequently depending on what is in season, etc. which i always appreciate and like.they bring you complimentary bread, and there's olive oil at the tables for you to start with. portion size of the bread was a little small, but it was free so i can't complain too much.pea and asparagus soup (7) - this was nice, warming and comforting for a grey london evening, but i didn't find this to be anything to write home about. i couldn't really taste too many pronounced flavors of the pea or asparagus. there's definitely cream in this soup, so despite it being a green soup, i don't think it's that healthy. portion size is generous though, and my friend and i were able to share this.n'duja on bread (7) - i love n'djua on pizza, but i actually didn't care for this. it was a small/thin piece of bread, with a thick layer of n'duja (a spicy pork sausage) on top. i didn't feel the proportions were right, and it was too spicy to really enjoy this properly. i think n'duja is better consumed in small amounts like on pizza. also for the price, this was a miss for me.baby squid (8) - i've had better fried squid dishes in my life. like the name suggests, these are tiny baby squid pieces (not larger calamari or calamari rings). there seemed to be too much batter in proportion to the squid and it was oily. this was a miss for me.broccolini (4) - this was one of my favorite dishes - the portion size was decent and the broccolini was chargrilled well and not burnt. i'd recommend this if you're looking for some vegetables.sea bream, peperonata, spinach, runner beans & brown shrimp (21) - thought this was okay - it wasn't bad, but i wasn't savouring every last bite either, or necessarily sad when the dish was finished. the fish was nice quality, but i've had better fish dishes elsewhere, especially for the price.chocolate pot de creme with amarena cherries (8) - this was my favorite dish of the night - but i love anything with chocolate. this was a pot de creme done right - not too sweet, just the right texture. the cherries were a little bit on the sweet side, but paired fine with the chocolate. i'd come back here again at the end of an evening just to get this dessert.i'd eat here again if the wait was 15-30 min, but i wouldn't wait an hour or longer to eat here. maybe i came on an off-night and i shoud give this place another try, but compared to the other places where i've waited 1 hour for a table, this place just fell short for me. the service was a bit slow; i guess it can be nice when you're having a 3 hour leisurely meal, but we were there for 2.5 hours, more because we were waiting for the service and dishes to be served than us sitting there at the end of our meal just enjoying our drinks & company. this has got to be my fav spot in london. i used to hate mussels because the ones i've had were so rubbery i could barely chew through them. but prepared to have your world changed once you've had the mussels with chorizo here. those mussels they've sourced are so fresh and tender that they taste like raw oysters. no kidding. they're out of this world. my second fav dish was the fried fish followed by the eggplant, but they weren't nearly as mindblowing as the mussels. always delivers well thought out dishes with fresh local ingredients. menu always changes. this is probably my 6th time here and i have yet to eat the same thing and have yet to be disappointed. i would write about the specific dishes but i would just as soon see what they are serving when i go and find something amazing. the approach hasn't let me down yet. finding a table for 4 in soho at 8pm on a saturday night if you haven't booked might seem like mission impossible right? well, the guys from 10 greek street made it happen, and that already deserves its shares of stars! the restaurant is very well decorated, and stands out by its simplicity. a few things on the menu & the chalkboard that seem like they're being updated everyday. my father in law and i enjoyed the welsh beef for 2! cooked perfectly (red), and the duck fat fried potatoes were the perfect fit. wifey had the lamb, here again, still pink and very tasty. overall a very good & unexpected dinner experience, although the yelpers did point us in the right direction through the great reviews here...completely in line with our judgement! lovely spot! two visits to 10 greek street. both very good. small place with plenty of character. food is the star as everything we had was on point. really well done.highlights - everything to be honest - there was nothing average about this.- smoked eel with pickled veg - excellent texture and flavors- pork liver parfait - well balanced, creamy, earthy- fried baby squid - whole tiny squid. super crispy with a ton of flavor.- partridge, sopresseta crochetta, romesco - rustic romesco with excellent flavor, crochetta was super creamy inside, partridge was excellent- old spot pork with mustard mash, pear - juicy, great flavor, mustard mash was creamy and delicious, bonus super crispy chicharonne on top. overall, excellent food. will be back for sure. thank you. we were so lucky -- we went there at 8pm on a friday night and got a seat right away. unbelievable. staff was very friendly and knowledgable. i like the home style kitchen. food was great. we ordered the veal chop and summer squash tartine for main. the dessert we shared, bake alaska, was amazing. what i like the most, however, is the drink list. a very good selection at very good price. nyetimber is 6.5 pound a glass! you can also order wine for half bottle. highly recommend! another 'places-to-try-because-i-saw-them-on-yelp' restaurant to tick off my list of...places to try because i saw them on yelp. i brutally forced three friends of mine to go to 10 greek street for dinner because they wanted to have greek food, and i might have 'accidentally' omitted that the restaurant takes its name from the street and that there is not one bit of saganaki to be seen here. they didn't hate me for it though, because the food is good. it's pricey, and i don't think it's 'oh gawd it was so good i don't care how much i've spent' good, but still, it's quality. doesn't deserve less than 4 stars because it's a notch above 'a-okay', so there. my friends ordered a few starters to share, whilst i was busy disappointing myself for ordering the wrong lamb dish (there was an amazing looking tower of lamb chops that some dude was devouring on the table next to ours, and i really really wanted that...alas, i ended up ordering the lamb pie instead, because my brain short-circuited after reading 'lamb' and wasn't able to process the rest of the ingredients. next time).everybody liked their food, and my pie was really tasty and super filling. the only two things i didn't really love were the super cramped space (tiny tables, too many for the tiny room, usual stuff) and the fact that they only give you one menu and only if you're sitting in the corner table, 'because it's all up there, on the board'. definitely going back to get that lamb, and it'd better taste as good as it looked. i came here today for lunch and enjoyed it so much that i needed to share. the first few times i came, it was busy and crowded - typical for a restaurant in soho. today, it was quiet and peaceful. i met an old college buddy that recently came back from russia. he said he missed london restaurants the most. the service we received was so good my ego achieved a new level. i love good treatment and compliments (who doesn't?). anyway, he ordered the white pork because of my recommendations, but i wanted to try something different this time. i saw there was paccheri in today's lunch menu and this has been probably the best decision i've made today.my meal came rather quickly and i couldn't even finish my conversation. i had never before enjoyed such a delicious bowl of paccheri, with mushrooms and summer truffle, topped with fresh burrata. it wasn't the first time that i tasted this combination of flavors. i'm a little pasta enthusiast and i ensure you it tasted nearly as good as the original (italian one). a great meal and a good talk always put me in a great mood. maybe it's true that there is no love sincerer than the love of food. this is a must if you are in london and staying or hanging out anywhere near soho...perfect vibe. service is on point and very friendly. i came here solo, sat at the bar and felt like everyone knew my name...great wine selection and the menu is different every day. i loved the cauliflower...buratta and truffle was big time...and the steak that night was perfect. make sure you go to this place. this is one of my favorite restaurants in london. there's always a couple amazing dishes (last night -- nduja and goat curd). it's a small place with attentive service. it's fun to sit in the back, the chefs are great and very friendly. came here for lunch, but due to the timing of my arrival, i was only served tapas. lessons learned: understand the tube better next time!fried baby squid- crispy, crunchy, fried little critters, without a coating of a thick batter.  however, after a few bites, the fried part really starts to settle in, and becomes a bit on the heavy side. although it was served with some sort of in-house aioli, which was rather plain, i would have appreciated a bit more acid in the aioli to make it even a better experience.quail egg, sobrasada and aioli- omg yum! definitely my favorite dish i tried! the light and delicate quail egg is served as a scotch egg, cradled by ground sobrasada, then fried. this is also served on top of a base of the in-house aioli. however, this dish would be great without even using the aioli, as the dip didn't do anything for the main ingredients of this dish.chicken liver parfait- i am a fan of chicken liver mousse, and this in-house made chicken displays the wholesome flavors of what it tastes like to make a product from care! i was able to taste the sweet, tart, and full bodied flavors the chef was able to infuse into the chicken liver, while spread on a lightly toasted slice of rye and topped with a perfect crunch of gherkins.padron peppers: lightly flash-fried, these peppers are kept in their natural state. served in a bowl, filled with probably 20 small peppers, this dish is as simple as it gets. the flavors of this pepper had a bitter taste, and the preparation was lackluster. after eating 2 small peppers, i could not handle it anymore. however, the staff was lovely enough to acknowledge my lack of interest in this dish, and to take it off my bill.the staff was grand, kind, and welcoming. the restaurant is quaint, small, yet inviting. the kitchen is open and hides nothing. this is a place that i would love to come back to, to try their main plates, and indulge in other dishes created by the chef's passion for wholesome, quality kitchen creations. this place is over-hyped in my opinion. food was good but expensive for what it was, and the menu was very limited.nothing terribly wrong with it but i wouldn't go back in a hurry. tiny place with a rotating menu of about 10-12 items listed on chalk boards. good range of options for both food and wine. ordered the scallops & chorizo and the venison; both were cooked perfectly and would definitely recommend both. quince crumble for dessert was also incredible - sort of like an apple/pear crumble but significantly better. being an intrepid foodie, i glean tips on new restaurants to visit by reading professional reviews in newspapers and magazines, see what's hot on yelp and by word of mouth. 10 greek street has been wowing the critics since opening, so i decided that i needed to pay a little visitthe restaurant is very unassuming from the outside and the menu, which changes daily, can be found on the window. 10 greek street may seem a minimalist name but perhaps it reflects the fact that it's hard to pigeonhole the style of food hereapparently, following discussion amongst the staff, the boss finally settled reluctantly on the term modern european. despite this restaurant not carrying the longest menu, you'll find a good variety of dishes with trout, hake, goat, rack of lamb and pork all being available as main dishes. the cooking is largely classical with a few influences from the mediterranean and some from the imagination of the head chef like a date and samphire combo which accompanied the sea trout.the flexibility in having a daily menu is that they can put fresh things on menu as and when they become available. they have a forager delivering ingredients like wild asparagus and the boss has used his time in the industry (he was the head chef at the wapping project fo 6 years) to cultivate a band of suppliers to make the restaurant has the freshest ingredients, which is the foundation of the amazing food herean amazing bonus when i walked in for lunch was the waitress's offer of a place at the kitchen counter, my favourite spot. i love watching chefs at work and the atmosphere in the internationally staffed (kiwi, aussie, hungarian and bangladeshi) small kitchen was convivial. michael looked after me well at the counter and daniel and jack cooked perfect looking dishes while having time to answer my foodie questions. a truly interactive meali opened with the fried baby sand eels, which came from spain. the vivid yellow of the freshly made mayonnaise which accompanied the crunchy and perfectly seasoned little eels told me immediately that they understand flavour and have rthe confidence to make their dish appear minimal but making sure that every component on that dish sings in harmony. a squeeze of citrus from a lemon wedge added the necessary balance to make this bowl of crunchy morsels a pleasure to eati followed with the crumbed goat, served on a bed of crushed jersey royals and peas and finished with a spoonful of caper mayonnaise on top. i liked the idea of goat and micheal's description of the meat being slowly braised to extract maximum flavour sealed it. i did appreciate the crispy crumbed coating which added texture but the meat was gloriously moist, unctuous and packed a meaty taste, which was too deep to be described as gamey. the tangy caper mayonnaise again added balance and perhaps the only criticism of my whole meal could be that i could done with more of iti couldn't summon enough space for dessert as i had already planned a visit to a newly opened milkshake bar i had spotted on the way over to 10 greek street. i did confess and make my apologies to the kitchen staffone other touch of class of this place was that as soon as i sat down, a bowl of delicious bread arrived and a bottle of tap water was served up. no service charge appeared on the bill and 21 for food of this quality is astoundingi have to give a shout out to one of my fellow diners at the restaurant counter, caroline, who was very kind to give me a try of the burrata, which she adores and wanted me to experience. this creamy mozzarella style cheese was given punch with salt, pepper and grated lemon rind - a creamy mouthful of heaventhis kitchen knows to deliver on flavour. with those prices and an ever changing menu, i can see myself becoming a regular here for sure slipped in for a quick lunch the other day. was seduced by the idea of gnudi, which i've not tried before. i do adore gnocchi, so thought it would be fun to try! the dish was beautifully presented with amazingly fresh peas, asparagus and mushrooms. sadly, the gnudi themselves tasted pasty to me and i didn't enjoy the texture, which i found out was ricotta rather than potato based. still, i was the one that took the risk and the culinary adventure was worth it. what i also loved about this place was the bread (4 distinct types) which were brought to me as soon as i arrived. the foccacia was a particular stand-out, but i also enjoyed the corn bread.the pricing and style of this place (too-cool-for-school) were offset by the niceness of the wait staff. i'm not sure i'd return since i think nopi are similar for the price-point and have nicer loos! just my tuppence worth ;) delicious, excellent value, superb wine list (by the glass and hand written special wine list).slightly annoying not to be able to book for dinner, but that's the same all around soho. they take lunch bookings though. what a great little place. a very cosy atmosphere and friendly staff. the decor is pretty basic but suits the vibe. the menu is pretty diverse and i would describe as modern british.between our group we had lamb, crab and veal mains with us all thoroughly enjoying both our meal and the wine.the staff are pretty alternative and typical soho, which adds to the vibes. the restaurant isn't very big so probably not idea for large groups but perfect for a few friends wanting to enjoy some good food.they take reservations for lunch but not for dinner. this place gets pretty busy so get there early to avoid a long wait. boy does this place get packed!quite a nice trendy restaurant if you are looking for something in soho to show off you know the small and cool places to hang out. food very very good, although i will admit i left absolutely starving. this is the kind of restaurant you visit when you want a drink and some small bites, not a main meal that leaves you in a food coma. staff members had waxed moustaches and some groovy looking tattoos that i wish i could see better in the dim light. very friendly (if a bit uneasy should you ask them to debone something) and good for recommendations. 10 greek street is the type of restaurants i love: cozy with unassuming but really delicious food. they don't take reservations for dinner, which is good and bad. i am really bad at planning ahead, but i can still eat at a great restaurant last minute. however, other times, i had to give it up because it is hard to chance it here when you have more than 2 people in the group. i managed to eat there a few times and i enjoyed the everything i had. the restaurant changes the menu very frequently, so you can count on they using fresh and in-season ingredients. they usually don't have a huge menu, but there is always a few specials for the night. when everything is good, you don't need that many options, really! this is my go-to if i want to introduce a friend to a cool independent london restaurant. well, if we managed to grab a table, that is. outstanding quality of food that's consistently excellent no matter what you order. 4.5 starsfood: 4.5, service: 3, atmosphere: 3.5cost to worth it rating: 3 (small plates ~8, larger ~17)return worthiness: yeshighlights:- clams: not fishy in a light broth that didn't overpower them- risotto: my friend could not get enough of this- scallops and chorizo: beautiful plating in the shells- ravioli: filled with ricotta. light and cooked perfectly - chalkboard menu: nice touch - wine: never been disappointed with what we got from glasses to bottleslowlights:- they don't take reservations so it's often hard to snag a spot or you have to wait a long timei've already been twice and would be happy to return. a visit to 10 greek is like a visit to the home of dr jekyll and mr hyde. dr jekyll reads you the delicious sounding menu and the mr hyde cooks it for you. nothing seems to match up. mr hyde just throws out the menu and instead just cooks whatever he feels like. from little things like ingredients being swapped out for different ones or whole items being left of the plate. it's hard to really judge the food when every plate is a disappointing half attempt at cooking whatever was promised when you ordered it. i'm sorry dr jekyll, but you need to get hyde out of the kitchen. thoroughly enjoyed the meal here. the fish was divine. i thought the wine was disappointing (as recommended by waiter) but i consider that to be due to personal tastes so this restaurant still gets a 5/5.it's a tiny restaurant with a great atmosphere. we had to wait 1.5hours for a table as you can't book but we were able to sit around the corner and have a beer and they were honest about the wait time. when the table was ready, they called us as promised. service was great. would highly recommend and certainly return. i really wanted to love this place. british food focused on seasonal ingredients and a daily changing menu? my cup of tea.made reservations for a late lunch (2pm) and didn't have to wait at all. they only take bookings for lunch, which is really helpful! i picked the rare welsh beef as a starter, and the middlewhite pork with fondant butternut squash and cime di rapa (italian broccoli) as a main. my friend went for the fried soft-shell crab and the calf's liver with mash as a main.for some reason, i expected my starter of rare beef to be a plate of piping hot, roast beef...what arrived was definitely far from that. it tasted fine, but it was rather underwhelming - two rather small slices of "rare beef" with strips of fat running through it...oh, i also had an accompaniment of beetroot and salad with it. rather disappointing. i had high expectations for my main - middlewhite pork is supposed to be very juicy and delicious because of the fat content. my plate arrived - looked delicious, an improvement from the previous course. when i dug in, the pork was rather dry around the edge (it was rolled into a roulade) and the spices running through the middle were bitter and a bit strange. the accompaniments were very good, and i couldn't fault the piece of pork crackling. divine. thankfully the centre of the "meat roulade" was much juicier and very tender. i had a feeling the pork was over-cooked, but i personally hate sending food back. for dessert, i went for the quince and apple crumble that came with custard. the dish itself was very shallow, so the dessert itself ended up as equal portions of crumble with fruit. personally i prefer a thin layer of crumble with lots of fruit, so i wasn't particularly impressed. not a great meal by any means. but...the perfect crackling is enough reason for me to give 10 greek street another try. when i know a place is good, i have no qualms standing around for an hour waiting for a table - particularly if i can have a drink in my hand. lately though i'm finding that a lot of my soho no-booking favs are getting more and more up towards the 2 hours wait time, which even i think is a little ridiculous.where 10 greek street differs to most in the no-reservations crowd, is that you can put your details on a list and someone will phone you when your table is ready. the wait will still likely be long, but at least you can go somewhere nearby for a pre-dinner drink while you wait. the restaurant itself is well worth the wait. for me it ticked all the boxes - a lot of atmosphere for a small space (and the fact that you don't have scores of people crowding around the entrance or bar means you don't feel crowded or that there is too much noise to be heard), the food was excellent, and the bill was surprisingly reasonable.my tuna carpaccio entree was tasty however the highlight was the t-bone steak - a massive slab of meat for two people to share. it was tender and tasty, and the accompanying truffle mash was delicious and i want more. the bill came to 40 a head (including a very nice bottle of wine!) - leaving me trying to figure out for a short while what they had left off the bill. nothing as it turns out, it's just very reasonably priced for the quality. once upon a time, i would've given 10 greek four stars, but after one of the most solid and friendly meals we've had in london in a long time this past the weekend, i'm giving it the full monty. everyone knows what soho is like on a saturday night. now, take that soho and make the weather beautiful in the month of august. you'd be hard-pressed to find a more frenetic and drunk atmosphere anywhere in the world. we, however, were in search of dinner and not the tiniest bit drunk (yet)... i have a love-hate relationship with the no-bookings policy that has graced london as of late. the 'hate' part being pretty self-explanatory. but we all know how insane it is to try and plan a weekend on less than two weeks notice (and much longer for the newest, hottest spots). unless, that is, it's a no-bookings dinner place. then you just rock up and work your own personal fortitude (aka alcohol). a queue two hundred people deep? no worries! just start in on that bottle you stashed in your handbag.or, if it's like 10 greek, they'll just take your info and call you when a table becomes available. then you can just wander over to dean street townhouse and lubricate yourself with one of their many fine cocktails, while giggling at the uber-fashionable set wobbling drunkenly on their platform pumps. it's a win-win really. although this fine saturday evening, we got very lucky and walked in right when tables were beginning to turnover from the early-birds. i gave the waiter our info, and then he thought better of it, and told us to wait in the bar, and a table would open up in twenty minutes or so. if we hadn't been waiting on two more, i would've just settled in to eat in the back. it's a quaint little spot where you can watch the kitchen and bar work simultaneously under the octangular skylight.we had a magnificently well balanced negroni and a seasonally appropriate raspberry bellini--oh yes, did i mention they keep prosecco on tap? and true to his word, the waiter seated us twenty minutes later sans friends, who didn't arrive for another twenty. we told him we could wait in the bar, no trouble, and he wasn't having it. this is the part of the evening i spent being very confused, as to why a waitstaff would be so nice to us. but i got over it, and ordered more booze.once we were settled, we ordered a variety from the chalkboard of seasonal, daily-changing delights. i started with the mushroom rotolo served with truffle cream. good god, it was tasty. earthy and unctuous, the mushrooms countered the sweetness of the cream on all the right levels. the hubs ordered the scallop tartare, which turned out to be more of a ceviche served with wafer-thin crispbread. he reported it divine. our dining companions both had the heritage tomato salad and cleaned their plates.as a main, i had a butterflied and grilled poussin with borlotti beans and roasted courgettes in a balsamic reduction. it was delicious. my veg friend had the seasonal risotto, which she loved. the boys split the t-bone, and reported it not enough for two. it was served with jersey royals, and became the write-off of the evening. we didn't order dessert, and instead opted to wade through the ever-increasing pub crowds for gelupo gelato. but we did manage to order a bottle of australian shiraz i've never seen on a wine list outside of the us. it was a lovely surprise and a great addition to our meal. this is the third time i've been to 10 greek for dinner, and if they can continue on this upswing, i think i may just become a regular. no-reservation policy and all. i was so sure this place would get 5 glowing stars from me and a rave review after having read many of the newspaper reviews singing its praises. it was good but not fabulous. we were able to get a table no problem at 7pm although our table was in an isolated corner. for some reason the menu didn't appeal to me-- i ended up with mussels which were good but not amazing. my mozzerella starter was good too.i did enjoy the dessert--the chocolate pot was excellent (although large enough to share).wine was good, service was good, and atmosphere was good.i would definitely like to rock up and sit at the stools in front of the kitchen. a good addition to soho, although if i am going for the best of the best i might choose someplace else. i took a girl here on a first date and it was so perfect. i definitely won! they offered us space at the bar while we waited, we got the squid, taste game on another level! i've never even had squid before but i was trying to impress her. then we move down to the table. order up some middle white pork with the chutney and the dish was insane! for one moment it felt like no grandma had ever given any child a knitted sweater for christmas and everything was good in the world. i hate knitwear for christmas. the girl got the prawns and of course i tasted one. then two. then i had a third, she didn't even care cause i was feeding her squid earlier and she loved it. good job i let her choose the wine. she ordered this austrian one with the longest name possible. i looked like an idiot org wrong it but it tasted phenomenal with the meal. you all need to go to 10 greek street. very small restaurant on a hip street in london. had the octopus and sea bass. both of them are recommended. they take reservations for lunch. is it me, or has there been a surge of casual hipster restaurants opening lately? many of them have similar qualities: an unassuming store front, waitresses in retro wear, wood-based interior, and a daily menu. 10 greek street fits this profile to a point. but behind this trendy exterior, there is at heart,a non-pretentious soho joint with a focus on fresh ingredients & a modern twist on traditional british fare.service - i really liked the service here - we dropped by on a friday night, and were told there was a 30 minute wait. however, they offered to either take down our number and call us, or seat us in a bar area near the kitchen where we could wait, get a drink,and some bar bites to appease our appetite.  i am always impressed when a restaurant in london offers to call you when a table is ready rather than making you queue outside - not enough restaurants do this here.everyone was very friendly and pleasant the whole evening, and most importantly, they made the effort to make sure we were happy. at the end of the evening, i pointed out a mistake on the bill, and the reaction was so apologetic. can't say i've met that kind of attitude frequently in london restaurants. food - when we sat down, the first thing i did was skim the menu (which is written on blackboards around the room). i was at a complete loss about what to order because there were at least 3 things that popped out to me. i ended up asking the waitress, and decided on a wild rabbit casserole with chorizo & white beans. delish!!!! while the menu is short and sweet, 10 greek does a good job of getting in as much variety as possible - pork, rabbit, fish, beef, duck, veggie all there! dessert was amazing as well - we ended up sharing a chocolate, salted caramel tart & buttermilk ice cream with candied tangerine. i really recommend the buttermilk ice cream (if they ever serve it again) - not too sweet, and the buttermilk gives a slightly sour taste to the ice cream that is surprisingly good. what really topped the evening though, was when the bill came (har har). 2 beers, wine, an appetizer, 2 mains, 2 desserts --- less than 60 pounds. given the quality of food & service, i'd say 10 greek is a keeper on my restaurant list!!!	0	1	0	0	0
 nice casual michelin starred restaurant, nothing too fancy. service was awesome and food was really good, not the best michelin i've tried, but still worth it. i even received a birthday card and cake because we were celebrating my birthday. the tasting menu at 65 is a good deal! there were 6 courses if i'm not wrong. the scallop and lamb dishes were amazing. the cod and first dessert weren't nothing to die for. the bill was 165 for 2 tasting menus, 2 non-alcoholic cocktails and service charge. i'm a big fan of casual michelin star restaurants. i don't always feel like dressing up and making reservations and being fancy.the food was really good but like some people said in other reviews the service sucked. went for lunch on a friday, by myself and sat by the entrance. it took then forever to give me menus. it took them forever to take my order, each time i would be attended by a different person and i was ignored most of the time. ughhhhh.  ordered a la cart. duck rillete with chips, octopus with potatoes and for main course the lamb. delicious. cooked to perfection and very flavorful. i will definitely come back to try other items.thankfully after waiting long time for my appetizer i was helped by julian and he was a great server. apologetic about the wait and very kind to offer me a glass of wine. thank you. saved the experience.i'll come here every time in in london. what a disappointment. we arrived on time for lunch at 1:15pm and were told our table wasn't available (we later discovered that in fact it was). we were ushered to the empty 1st floor bar and waited and waited until checking with the front desk eventually resulted in us being seated.the daily menu posted outside the restaurant was different from what was on offer inside the restaurant. specifically the prix fixe two course lunch menu option wasn't available. this was a disappointment was none of us wanted desert which we had to pay for with the three course prix fixe option.the fish portions we ordered were tiny and bathed in mysterious, tasteless foam. the steak which my sister ordered was undercooked and tough. our waiter arranged for the steak to be cooked medium instead of rare but when it was returned it was still tough.the waiter removed the supplemental cost of the steak from the prix fixe menu but didn't remove the charge completely which would have been the right thing to be considering that 80% of the steak was left untouched since it was tough.ironically all four of us agreed that the deserts were significantly better than the main courses.another peeve was the noise level. it was difficult to hear each other at our table due to the loud music and generally high level of conversations other diners were having to combat to ambient noise.i expected better food, better service and better ambience. don't miss out on the "jars to share" as they're quite spectacular. be sure to grab a specialty cocktail from the bar upstairs before getting seated. social eating house is known for its sundae, but i'd pass on it next time.// jars to share: confit duck leg rillette, mango, coriander (6.50) - 5 stars// jars to share: smoked hummus, spiced aubergine (6.50) - 5 stars// wild mushrooms from a bag, cep pure on toast (13.50) - 4 stars// roasted rump of salt marsh lamb, braised neck, baby gem, cured lamb, seirss, rocket (30) - 4 stars// magic memories (9.50) - grapefruit sorbet, raspberry, bourbon cream, amaretto, almond cake - 3 stars truly, madly, deeply in love with this place and so far all of the restaurants in jason atherton's group. this place proves that british food can be fun, creative, flavorful and a power player in cuisines of the world. had all local and it was all good! i especially enjoyed my tequila cocktail (forgot the name) which had a bit of smokiness to it like it was on the grill! never tried hake and i loved it! i was so full and kept eating because i didn't want it to end! kudos to having a full vegetarian menu. we didn't have a great table and we were the last seating of the night so it was a bit rushed but nothing can top the quality and perfection of that food. i wanted to take my sister somewhere nice and quite frankly, i was the one that was impressed. i've never been to such a fresh and young michelin rated establishment. usually, it's stuffy but the vibe here is awesome and the people that work there really seem to like their job which makes all the difference in the world! i would recommend this place to anyone that's looking for a lounge scene but needs a great meal. we have really enjoyed touring a couple michelin restaurants in london. the ones we've visited at home are very formal and stuffy. so walking into social eating house with its lively, casual ambiance was really exciting. the food is absolutely second to none. we both did the tasting menu, and it was fabulous. the crab salad is delicious and the lamb was exquisite. i am not typically a foi gras fan, but found it to be exceptional here. as was the cod...superb all around. i also did the wine pairing. the first and last wines missed the mark for me. both of them accentuated a bitterness in the food, and that wasn't my personal preference. i prefer wine that neutralizes/matches the food. the service generally was very friendly. however, two things went awry for me. my husband ordered a second drink and never got it. that was just unacceptable to me, especially since he wasn't offered a second drink until almost the end of our meal. secondly, we also had empty water glasses for the majority of our meal. typically, these wouldn't be the end of the world for me (especially adjusting for differences in service by country) but at a highly acclaimed restaurant, i found these service issues to be frustrating. all that said, the food is phenomenal. definitely try it! one of the best meals i've had in a long time, start to finish. perfect new zealand sauv blanc, beed tartare with beets and the perfect amount of crunch on top. i ordered the sea bass which was topped with the most delicious butter sauce, to die for! my boyfriend had the lamb which was cooked to perfection. we finished it off with their noteworthy cheesecake. next time i'd order two desserts since my boyfriend devoured the whole thing. ;)honestly, this was one of the best meals i've ever had in london, ever. the only downside may have been that the staff wasn't particularly helpful or friendly. i'm american so maybe i just need more warmth. most of the staff seemed to be french and they obviously have a different style of service than i'm used to. clearly it didn't sway my vote, i'd eat there again this week if i could! i'd say, 3.5 stars for the food and 4 stars for the service. we got the tasting menu (crab salad, foie gras (can sub out for beef tartare), lamb, granitas as a palate cleanser, followed by dessert). i enjoyed all of my food and i want to give them props for making foie gras taste light! yes light! it was accompanied by edamame and a dashi sauce and if it hadn't been at the insistence of the waiter that it'd be worth a try, i would've subbed it out. alas, i came with high expectations for a michelin starred establishment, there was nothing i had that i felt really stood out or blew me away. to finish off, the dessert we had was disappointing. it was a butterscotch flan thing but wasn't delicate like flan. it was extremely sweet and had the texture of a ny cheesecake. in all, i'd def return to try another tasting menu. this was unfortunately a big disappointment. it startes with being seated at a bad table (why have a table so close too the entrance that you could be the one opening the curtains?), busy both with the staff and guest arriving, the service was too slow and too unattentive at this price range - or at any price range actually. the food is good but not extraordinary you would expect from a restaurant making the top 5 on the time out list on best eats in london. definitely not worth the cost. try somewhere else. my boyfriend surprised me for my birthday with a seat at the chef's counter! originally he had planned to take me to the sister restaurant pollen street social which was closed that night due to a private event. we were both glad it was as the chef's counter at social eating house did not disappoint in any shape or form!! upon arrival to the super busy restaurant - we were led downstairs to find a curtain in front of us blocking the way and an "employees only" neon sign. we were led inside to find ourselves in the kitchen at the chef's counter! amazing setup.it was so utterly thrilling and amazing to be downstairs behind the scenes watching as the cooks scurried and the chef yelled out tickets, reprimanding and critiquing his little minions and service runners alike. so much organized madness and chaos. reminded me of my days in the back of the house making pastries, very nostalgic. but also made me thankful that i am no longer in that mix of madness stress and chaos. still a die hard foodie though.....that will never change. the chef patron and head chef were not in that night. james brown (senior sous chef) was leading the brigade. the whole experience was top notch all the way. i will add also - the wine pairing had some very interesting twists - we went with the full chef's counter tasting menu and premium wine pairing.- scallops. cauliflower, walnuts, lovage. pairing: 2007 riesling. scallops were served more ceviche style - great acidity and worked well with the walnuts.- artichoke. langres, autumn truffles, iberico. pairing: 2008 pommard. one of the favorite dishes of the night. very generous truffle shavings. every individual component of this dish was amazing - and they all worked perfectly together.- foie gras. autumn vegetables, ginger, dashi. pairing: brannland iscider. my boyfriend claims this is the best foie gras he has ever had (and he has had a lot!). it had an asian flair to it - the broth/soup was amazing. very clever pairing with an ice cider - perfect balance.- halibut / jon dory. chervil root, chanterelles, truffle. 2013 blanc fume de pouilly. sadly only one piece of the haibut left, my partner in crime had to do the jon dory which was no where near as good.- venison. faro, golden raisins, carrot: 1997 robert mondavi cab sav. perfectly cooked - sorrel. grapefuit, mint. neither or us enjoyed this much. tasted like plants.- milk tart. ginger wine, fromage frais. served with an amazing shizuku yambuki plum wine / saki. such a change from a sauternes!! very nice. the tart was moreish!! - petit fours. came in a very clever old school tin. these were delish. service was excellent - only slip up was one of the servers (not our usual one for the night) rolled up and left the petit fours without explaining what each of them were. the pastry chef saw this mistake and personally came over to explain them. excellent!! to finish the night they gave me a delicious chocolate cake in a box for my birthday!! we also asked the chef to sign and date the menu as an awesome keep sake which they were happy to do!!to top it off the pound to dollar exchange rate had taken a swing the days before making this a very well priced gastronomic extravaganza! arguably the best meal i've had in london in some time. you have to be a fan of the atmosphere and menu, however. on one end of the dining spectrum there is a place like dinner by heston blumenthal - perfect, overlooking hyde park in the mandarin oriental, flawless service, quiet, modern, understated and classy. on the other end of the fine dining spectrum is the upscale gastropub -- a more adventurous menu, more of a focus on craft cocktails, sure to offer offals and often (what a tongue twister!) in the middle of a trendy area. here is social eating house.smack dab in the middle of soho. loud. trendy. plates for sharing. very sexy. perfect for a date, perfect for a foodie. we got a reservarion very easily through open table on a busy saturday night and never felt rushed. we started with pate in one of the jars and had a scallop appetizer. the menu changes so my comments on "what to get" are somewhat useless. our entree was the venison --- if this is on the menu, certainly highly recommended, but it was the flavors and presentation that particularly impressed me. we turned down dessert in favor of heading upstairs to try cocktails in the blind pig. don't miss it. james atherton has an empire, but there's good reason for it. amazing, amazing, amazing! came here on a foodie friend's recommendation and was totally blown away by the quality of the food. beautifully elegant presentation, great taste (perfectly salted and super fresh), and actually excellent service (i'm from ny, where service is good, unlike most of london). the white bread was exceptionally good (you can always judge a restaurant by the quality of the bread) - crisp, tasty crust with a chewy, yeasty interior. ordered the lunch 3 course prefix. includes: 1) chicken cassoulet in a terrain fashion with greens, pine nuts (great texture), 2) fish (perfectly cooked with a foam and light cream sauce. this is the type of food that is perfectly salted, light (not overly heavy), so you feel like you can keep eating it forever (which imho, is an culinary art). was only initially going to do two courses, but turned into a third at the end- a coconut creme brle with a coconut sorbet and coconut swiss meringue topped with a strawberry sauce. yum yum yum! food is fantastic and wine selection is great.surrounding area is great to walk around in.great date place. many thanks to jason atherton and his team, headed by sarah hutchins, for their over-the-top hospitality and creative culinary evening for my family. they redefined service--julian is superb, and it is clear that everyone likes working for the social company. your group's success is well-deserved! spectacular!an extraordinary dining experience. we had the 8 coarse dinner, every dish was full of out of this world flavor, brilliant texture combinations, and a 5 star presentation each time. staff was young, professional, and always on their toes going above and beyond. this is definitely not one of those all show no go type places. the food here tastes better than it looks and it looks like damn fine art. so there ya have it. i'm going back tomorrow. this is a review of the early dinner menu, served from 6-7pm mon-sat. you're supposed to inform them that you want this menu when you book your reservation. overall enjoyed the meal. i really like the decor and ambience of this place- low lighting, wood paneled walls, fitting of a restaurant called the social eating house. the early dinner menu was 30 pounds for a 2 course meal, including a nice cocktail, so appreciated having a really nice value option. after having the duck rilllette off the a la carte menu, it's possible that the standard menu might be worth the splurge, but i didn't otherwise order off of it so can't say for sure.went with a friend. we ordered:duck leg rillette (the only item off the a la carte menu)- excellentst. austell bay mussels- okaymacaroni and cheese- goodcod cheeks with olive oil yogurt- goodpeach & jasmine macroon with blood peach sorbet- okay except sorbet was excellentduck leg rillette - easily my favorite item of the meal, making me wonder whether the items on the standard a la carte menu are overall tastier than the early dinner menu, but for the price, the early dinner menu was definitely a good value, so we went that direction. such good flavors, an amazing mango sauce to complement the duck, and the pairing with the crisps was truly excellent. would definitely recommend this one.st. austell mussels- for some reason, these were a bit fishy and some were very soft, not really in a good way. i'm not sure what was going on, but this wasn't really my favorite. the cream sauce the mussels were in was quite nice, though.macaroni and cheese- my friend got this and said she really enjoyed it. adult mac and cheese. :)cod cheeks with olive oil yogurt- this was overall well-executed, cooked well, and the olive oil yogurt was a really nice complement to the fish. i think nicer than butter sauces that often accompany fish. peach & jasmine macaroon with blood peach sorbet- friend got this. she wasn't really a fan of the macaroon and i wasn't either, but i'm not really a macaroon person. if you like macaroons, you might still enjoy this. the peach sorbet was really delicious though and probably the best part of the dish. i had dinner with a friend here and we both opted for the early dinner set menu. i had macaroni and cheese as a main and the kentish cherry cheesecake for dessert. the food was delicious and filling, i especially liked the mushrooms and the croutons on my mac and cheese. what made the meal was our brilliant waiter, one of the best service i've had in a long while in london great cocktails and great food - staff are extremely cordial and knowledgeable, and they don't mind giving recommendations based on experience or taste. don't leave here without having tried their desserts - they'll blow you away, not only with the taste, but especially with the carefully and thoughtfully crafted presentation. highly recommended. the 5 menu sampler won me over, the noise level didn't. it was actually hard to even hear what the person across the table was saying. and even though one must expect more people and noise on a friday - it was to much. but if you dont mind this, then definetly go here.the second course in the sampler menu was an artichoke/truffle dish that blew me away. but even this great artichoke didnt leave me speachless like the sweet pea and chocolate dessert.it was so fantastic that i immidiately wanted to go home and try to make this myself - i wanted to relive the taste again and again. i will not be able to recreate it, but i'll have to try!the waiters were great, but seemed a bit confused. maybe they were more that one person responsible for each table, and thats what screwed our order for beverages up two times during the evening. but never mind, they were still both pleasant and fun, and in my book thats more important than perfect waitering skills. dined at the social eating house during a trip to london for a's birthday dinner. we arrived at 6:45pm to take advantage of the prix fixe dinner option (available until 7pm). we both started with sea trout tartar to start, which was extremely fresh. we also supplemented the prix fixe menu with a duck rilette jar and popped chips on the side. for entrees, we ordered mac and cheese as well as a chicken dish. blueberry sorbet and the blueberry almond tart for dessert. instead of singing happy birthday or blowing candles, the social eating house gave us a very rich and delicious piece of chocolate cake to bring home. we both got the pendennis cocktails and wine with dinner. intimate and trendy spot. highly suggest when in london and you want to splurge on a good meal! my first visit to london and on our second day, we score a winner. local friends set the reservation and we are glad for their choice. my wife had 2 appetizers, roasted fois gras and duck confit and i had the lamb. our dinner partners had similar picks and it was all first class. service was excellent. we spent over 3 hours eating, drinking, visiting and laughing and never felt rushed by the staff. 100% recommend this place. one michelin star. can i give a higher rating? we spent 2 weeks in europe this trip and this was the best meal we had. we visited the chef table and watched the kitchen work almost the entire service. what a delight. i saw chefs yelling at staff, i saw the fry guy get lambasted for not making the proper number of chips and i tasted amazing food and wine. what a great experience. highly recommended. we had a reservation on open table and started out upstairs at the blind pig, which was awesome. they came to get us to seat us downstairs after a short wait.the menu is very gastropub-ish. it's pretty dark in the dining room and is pretty loud/lively, so it's different from the standard michelin starred restaurant. on the back of the menu, you can see where everything was sourced from and how far away the source is. they start you with bread with milk and honey butter.1. salt baked jerusalem artichoke: with iberico, a soft fried egg, truffle. this was my favorite dish by far. it's so luxurious and has so many intense flavors, but none overpowers the others 2. confit duck leg rillette jar: with mango and coriander; served with lentil chips. the flavor reminded me of indian food. the duck itself had most of the fat rendered out, but it was still tender and flavorful. 3. macaroni and cheese: with montgomery cheddar, parmesan, girolles (chanterelles), shaved mushrooms. we've had a lot of montgomery cheddar here, and i really like it, which is what drew me to the dish. however, it was more like pasta in an alfredo sauce. instead of browned bread crumbs on top, they have tiny crouton bits, but it's not quite the same as a buttery cheesy crust for me. there weren't a ton of mushrooms, either. 4. 60 day aged native cumbrian black angus ribeye: this was cooked medium rare. it was salted well. the peppercorn sauce it came with was very peppery and masked the steak's natural flavor, so it's good that it comes on the side. it also came with mixed greens and the triple cooked duck fat chips i had been eying. the fries ended up being pretty regular and needed some more salt. the price on this dish was good5. side of broccoli: this was a very buttery broccoli dish, which is enjoyable, but i was looking for some vegetables for the health factorservice was ok; water refills had to be requested most of the time. the food came out extremely slowly despite that we didn't get seated until after 10pm - the meal took over 2 hours, with most of the time spent waiting for the food. the dishes were hit or miss, with the starters being the highlight.with 4 cocktails and a bottle of the house red wine (cab franc), it added up to more than we expected for a gastropub. the sample course menu was the best meal i've had in london. every course was excellent. we also had a vegetarian with us and the chef created a tasting menu for her as well that left the carnivores jealous. the service was also outstanding, our waiter was a very happy argentine that was enthusiastic and friendly. quite a change from the typical cold polite service one receives. only restraunt i have ever felt i was literally scammed. first i fell for the "we are booked but please go upstairs and pay for expensive, weak drinks." we were then seated and my wife orders the water. it takes a few minutes... until you realize you are being tortured. you can choose to stay and suffer through the torture... or you can write off your 30 pounds for two drinks... some water... and a service charge! ha ha! we of course chose the latter. life is too short to be tortured through a meal. if you choose to go... just laugh at it... and yourself... you were duped. the waggon wheel dessert was my principal reason for visiting after a bad case of food envy that has festered for about a year. i was not disappointed though the format has become even more deconstructed. the flavours are beautiful and intense but balanced.main was a well cooked cote de portc with asparagus and turnips. a generous serving though a side of broccoli was needed. i almost didn't have room for the wagon wheel but struggled through.service excellent in a v cool location. was in by myself and one of the hosts offered me one of ja's books to read whilst i waited for my food, which was thoughtful. top notch. a hipster nouveau-gastropub with tasty cocktails and food and delightfully kind service.admittedly, social eating house wasn't my first choice for hipster gastropub on our most recent trip to london--my heart belongs to another. but my other (food)lover was closed for holiday, so i was looking for a new place for a night out with my lad. we arrived timely for a 6 pm reservation (alas, the latest available on our chosen saturday). the restaurant was mostly empty, but steadily filled over the course of our stay. the ambience didn't seem overly loud, even with a full house.for starters we had the steak tartare jar and mushrooms in a bag. the steak tartare was lovely chunky-hand-cut beef topped with "egg jam" (aioli by any other name would smell as sweet?) and accompanied by toasted baguette slices. surprisingly, it was bathed in a barbecue-like sauce, slightly smokey and tasting of the american south. it was tasty, but hid the flavor of the meat too much for my taste. but brava for an out-of-the-box take on tartare. the mushrooms in a bag ended up being the absolute highlight of the meal. an assortment of three types of mushrooms in a rich beefy jus was accompanied by two large slices of toast spread with cep (mushroom) puree. something really special.for mains, i had the john dory, a spin on fish & chips. tempura batter and luxe duck fat chips elevated an old standard, but didn't necessarily lend a fundamental difference to the basic concept. mr. n ordered the duck. it was a fleet-average pan roasted breast, but was accompanied by a duck cake composed of neck meat and confit. seh should build an entree around this spectacular component, rather than regulate it to the side of a more pedestrian main.service was attentive (mr. n dropped his napkin and it was replaced before he realized it was sitting on the floor), but we didn't seem to have an actual waiter serving our table as no fewer than half a dozen separate servers attended to us. this led to dessert menus being delivered twice and a bit of difficulty getting anyone's attention when we wanted to request the cheque. wonderful helped by a lot of nice wine! slightly crushed in a booth but added to cosy atmosphere. 30s feel to bar and restaurant but not overdone. booths near entrance and tables at back. was busy the whole 4 hrs we were there. food. started with foie gras. brilliant smooth and creamy set off beautifully but the small fruit accompaniment. others had mushrooms on toast! not a sunday evening snack but a nice mix cooked beautifully and consumed eagerly. main course was sea bass with flaked raw cauliflower and beef cheek. such a great flavour combination btwn the fish and beef. wonderful. a great selection of cheese to finish. fantastic wines fully priced but excellent. great addition to my fav restaurants. absolutely excellent spot by one of my favourite british chefs james atherton. full disclosure i only had drinks here at the upstairs bar (where half is reserve red for no reservations) and that's the 5 star review as i can't comment on the food, but the decor, lighting, art, music and exceptional attention to every detail really impressed me. definitely book ahead no matter what. oh, and the drinks. it may have one of the most creative and unique cocktail list i have ever seen, with drinks served in pill bottles, soda cans, clay pots. a wonderful experience. the rye n' air cocktail was my personal favourite. can't wait to eat here. a low-ceiling, dark wood and reclaimed chairs filled den of men in suits and women in shift dresses. great for a drink (reservation recommended) at the blind pig bar upstairs or a meal where you don't mind shouting over the noise.i'm sad they don't do 'radioactive' drinks anymore as a result of patrons stealing the illuminated ice cubes. we asked for the craziest cocktails on the menu and were brought one packaged in a juice box (seriously) with the straw and an aluminium soda can filled with small ice. great cocktails! the waitress from the restaurant came to collect us from the bar upstairs when our table was promptly ready at 9pm.the brasserie style dining room was very noisy and fairly dark. a cross between casual and upmarket dining. good for a night out with friends or colleagues when not talking business. good for date nights.jar to share - truffle salami, crudits salad with almond & basil toast - tiny slivers of salame, with poignant beetroot and onion. very fresh and a great way to start with the wines.entrees - smoked black angus tartare, radishes, horseradish, mustard leaf (absolutely delicious - small chunks of tartare with the meat perfectly balanced against the horseradish and mustard. i could have this over and over again) //scottish scallop cevich, fennel, purple broccoli, lemon & lime (a bit too much lemon for my liking and the scallop was drowning in the juices so it became a bit mushy)mains - slow cooked guinea fowl with foie gras and sweet roasted corn on mash (really delicious and juicy guinea fowl, served with cooked foie gras. the sweetness of the meat, foie gras and sweet corn became a bit overwhelming and sickly so i couldn't finish my dish. but the meat was so good.) // kentish saltmarsh lamb rump, confit neck, miso caramel, pale aubergine, mint yoghurt, coconut (the lamb just fell apart it was so tender. the mint yoghurt and coconut were lost on the dish but the meat was so good we didn't care).dessert - chocolate brownie, rum caramel, chocolate ice-cream,rum & raisin ice-cream, coffee foam (a really nice twist on a classic sundae with rum and raisin and coffee flavours a perfect way to finish off).highly recommend the meats here, so delicious.	0	1	1	0	0
 thought this place was pretty good but a little bit expensive for what you get compared to what you can get in other restaurants in london for similar food for less money. overall, i'd give this 3.5-4 stars. i do like the concept and idea behind the restaurant where proceeds go to a charity and they train apprentices alongside restaurant professionals.i came here on a business trip so ate solo, which was fine - most people here come in groups of 2-4 which i would recommend so that you can try more dishes and share things. they have a 6 course tasting menu for 60 which is not that cheap but not outrageous (one of the 6 dishes is a cheese platter). homemade sourdough bread & butter (4) - they were actually kind enough to make me a half order of this since i wanted to try it, but obviously didn't need to eat an entire basket of bread. while i appreciated that i was able to get a smaller amount, the bread wasn't really worth the calories and carbs to me. being on a wedding diet, i tried to make a special exception here because i wanted to try the homemade bread, but the sourdough was just okay - maybe it would have been better served warm/hot, but it was just okay. there was also a seeded cracker that was good but not outstanding. and 2 small triangles of rye bread. i wanted to love this, but sadly, i didn't.short rib croquettes, sour cherry ketchup (5) - these were small, maybe about t7 sour of the size of a ping pong ball, but i really liked these. they were flavorful, not salty, and the sweet and sour cherry ketchup paired well with this. i would definitely recommend this appetizer.salmon, beets, hazelnut, tarragon sauce (25) - this salmon dish was what kicked the restaurant up from 3.5 stars to 4 stars. this was probably one of the better fish dishes that i've had at a restaurant and the portion was quite generous too. the salmon was perfectly cooked and had a crispy skin. the beets were delicious and paired well with the hazelnuts and creme fraiche, and the green tarragon sauce the fish was in was unique and delicious. such a winner with this dish - healthy, filling and tasty and the way every fish dish should be.all in all, my meal was on the pricier side, but the dishes are interesting and prepared well. i was just disappointed in the bread, but i was appreciative they were able to make a smaller serving for me since i was dining solo. i'd come back here again to try more dishes or just to get the salmon again. i love jamie and the cause but expected much more from this. my first jamie restaurant experience. did the tasting menu and can't say i'd go back. plates were all similar in flavor profiles except one, the mushroom and potatoes dish. too much sauce across the board! i really enjoyed the rustic chic atmosphere.service was friendly but a tad bit slow.the short rib croquettes were delish! small and tasty, with a great flavor combination.i had the gnocchi for dinner. the gnocchi itself was great but i did not like the greens under it. i was sadly not very full from this meal. my fianc had the pork shoulder. it was a good potion of meat with a nice flavor. he ate his entire meal and enjoyed it. let me first start this review by saying that i trust in the yelp community and read all of the detailed reviews over the last year before my visit. i believe there have been some significant changes made to improve their customer experience. for my visit to london, i made it a point to visit one of jamie's restaurants being a fan of him from a young age. fifteen seemed to be the place that would showcase the best of what the local produce had to offer.it was a quick ride in the tube from my hotel in london bridge and i arrived to the restaurant 15 minutes early for my 6pm reservation.the staff was incredible. i was immediately greeted by the host and offered a cocktail at the bar when i arrived. i decided on a lovely prosecco although the gin bar did look great and sat back while the waiting staff was getting prepped for the night. it was fun to watch as the staff was blindfolded around the manager and was doing some blind tastings of food before service. you could tell that this was a normal ritual to expand the knowledge of the servers.being prepared for a large meal, i decided on the 5 course menu with the wine pairings. coming from the napa valley and being a wine specialist, i have to say that they nailed all of their pairings. i could write and entire review just on the wines alone, but you'll just have to take my word for it.every dish served was unique, elegant, delicious and perfectly cooked. the flow was well timed for each dish and i didn't feel overwhelmed with proportions by the end of the night.i would easily say that this is one of the best restaurants at this price point in london and look forward to my next opportunity to visit. so expectations were a bit high and we came here with a very large group so those two factors should be taken into consideration.the pate was amazing, it came with the crunchy bread. if anything i'd go here to eat that again and everyone agreed it was special. everything was a ok from the lamb to the hake.service was very slow, it took us over three hours but then again need to keep in mind our large group. everything was decent as you would expect, and so i'm not going to comment too much on the food. instead, on the service:1) the staff were just chatting and there were a couple of times i tried ordering and they didn't see me waving my hand2) as we pay the bill, we all paid but apparently we were short 0.10, and they came chasing us for itcome on guys... a 400+ bill and you are chasing us for a rounding error... love this place, good food and service, great ambience. the free wifi is an additional thumbs up. highly recommend for a fulfilling dinner. i thought this meal was fabulous. we had the tasting menu and the kitchen staff very kindly cooked some pasta for our kid. all i can say is wow finally a good experience with british food! everything my friend and i ordered were really good. for nibbles we tried the olives and short rib croquettes. the croquettes turned out to be my favorite part of the meal. the meat was so flavorful and the sauce was kind of like a bbq. comes with 3 but you'll want more. then i had the crab dish for the starter. very nice and light. came with 3 sauces that were very good with the crab. really only enough for one person. wouldn't recommend sharing. for the main i had the anglotti (something like that) pasta dish with truffle and parmesan sauce. the sauce was very thick but still quite light and not overpowering. parmesan creamy with a hint of lemon i think. very good. my friend had the rotisserie chicken which i did try and it was delicious. buttery lemon taste great service as well i made a reservation almost a month in advance and told the restaurant my husband and i were celebrating our 4th wedding anniversary (i was told this was a romantic restaurant). not only was this place not romantic but they never mentioned anything about our anniversary.if you want a cocktail then i hope you like gin because i counted only three cocktails on a cocktail list that was three pages long that didn't have gin in them. i'm not a fan of gin and because it was warm and a bit stuffy in the restaurant, i ordered their only glass of rose' which was not good at all.the food itself is ok - it's nothing to write home about and it is definitely not worth the price.the service is fine - my experience wasn't as bad as some of the other reviews for this restaurant but i wouldn't say it was good. i really didn't want to write this review because i'm a fan of both jamie oliver and this concept, but it's a health issue so i must. visiting from america, my guest and i made reservations beforehand as this was a "must do" for me. our server marta, was very enthusiastic and guided us through the menu very well. they have a suggested tasting menu for dinner as well as their regular menu. we over ordered, trying to get a taste of everything. we also made sure to try their cocktail of the night and the suggested wine. when our trout came, it did look a bit undercooked but the sauces (and probably the wine) made it delicious. both of us questioned it briefly, but ate it trusting this restaurant and its "skilled" chefs.this was a big mistake we both got severe food poisoning. the middle of the night and the next day were a nightmare. i called and the manager gave a half hearted apology and said he'd call me in a few hours about this issue. 6 hours later still no call one of us ended up hospitalized and i called to tell them. the woman who answered said the manager was "busy." and would call back. i never did get that call back.this place is a health hazard. i've never (and i'm well traveled and eat in some pretty shady places) have experienced this. i wonder if mr. oliver is aware of this situation.a mistake is a mistake and i could have gotten past this because obviously no one intends to do this. but the disregard for guests who spent over $200 usd is appalling. our experience was death by 1000 paper cuts: the food was good (not amazing but good), the service left much to be desired. do not wear dark pants if you are not prepared to have white lint on them. i discovered this when i asked for a black napkin (twice) and was brought cocktail napkins without explanation. everything seemed to take three times longer than necessary, and the restaurant was only half full with servers standing around. the staff seemed very confused that we did not want a huge meal but only small plates and dessert. it took an hour to have our water refilled. my tokaji came in a very sticky glass (the entire stem and base). none of these alone was a problem, but they added up to substandard service.the food was tasty but didn't blow up our skirts. we didn't find the food to be overpriced, as others have. the charred cauliflower and the mushroom raviolo were very good. the sea trout and beetroot were fine. the chocolate ganache and the tarragon cake were both overpowered by their ice creams.overall, we had a pleasant meal, but it is not what we expected from the jamie oliver brand based on experiences at his other restaurants. worth trying if you're really interested, but keep your expectations in check. the mission of the restaurant is really spectacular, and i hope they are able to raise their current standard to allow rising chefs to train in a superior environment. wonderful restaurant, looks great. excellent service, a great manhattan at the bar. and the lunch was superb: fresh and innovative. excellent. as a final treat in london prior to our departure back towards montreal, we made a reservation at one of jamie oliver's restaurant, fifteen. located in central london, fifteen's claim to fame is their "non-profit" status. all profits from the restaurant go to the jamie oliver food foundation. on top of that, the restaurant has an apprentice programme which provides challenged youth with training and mentorship in the food industry. a very cool and worthwhile project within a high-end restaurant.located on a weird, almost dead-end street that is very easy to miss, fifteen is a beautiful space. the main floor has a nice bar and lounge space which was quite busy when we arrived for our reservation. visually, i really loved the space - great use of the old brick walls subtly accented by dark wood counters, leather seats and metal tables. the low lighting, when mixed with the music and chatter from the bar/lounge area, created a cool speakeasy type vibe.we were seated in the basement area right in front of the open kitchen - which was cool in order to observe the work being done over the course of the evening. the primary downside however was that the ambience that was present upstairs was less so by the kitchen - i was more aware of the wait staff and kitchen staff buzzing around us retrieving plates.first we ordered a basket of their home-made sourdough with butter. i absolutely love sourdough bread so i couldn't resist trying it. nice crunch on the crust but still moist and fluffy on the inside. had that classic sourdough taste as well. this was a great start of the meal for me.on to the starters now, i went with the crispy pig's cheek with slow cooked egg, goldrush apple and kimchi. i was rather intrigued by the combination of ingredients as listed on the menu and how they would mix together. the answer is perfectly. the crunch and fattiness of the pig's cheek, the spiciness of the kimchi, the richness and creaminess of the egg and finally the sweetness of the apple all worked beautifully as a mixture of texture.our other starter was the house-cured salmon with parsley root, dill and pickled mustard seed. a very elegant dish compared to the strong notes of the previous starter. the star is clearly the salmon and all the other ingredients here act to enhance its inherent flavours. the dill was most notable although part of that to me is how well dill seems to pair with salmon - it seems to make that spice pop more so than others. very nice dish.my main of choice on this evening was the gnocchi with butternut squash, spinach and goat's curd. texture-wise, the gnocchi was very interesting - quite a bit more crunch on the exterior than i've typically gotten with gnocchi but thankfully they still kept their pillowy texture inside. the combination of the squash with the goat's curd made for a rather creamy sauce to pair with it. the spinach was good but frankly didn't feel all that necessary in the construction of the plate.our second main was the hereford short rib with jerusalem artichoke and pickled walnut dressing. the short rib was heavenly - rich and fatty and fall-apart texture. the pureed artichokes were a nice contrast to the meat and the walnut dressing added some spiciness of the equation. very enjoyable overall.looking at the dessert options next, we couldn't say no to some of the options laid before us. first up was the hazelnut ice cream sandwich. great smooth texture to the ice cream as well as a strong hazelnut flavour. ideally i would have preferred true cookies to create a full sandwich you could grab but regardless, i did enjoy the crunch from the cookie "bites" here.our other dessert was organic chocolate mousse with blood orange and creme fraiche. a beautiful looking dessert and a delicious one at that. great contrast between the tartness of the chocolate mousse, the acidity of the orange and the creaminess of the creme fraiche. a nice mixture of textures and flavours.fifteen was a wonderful experience to finish off our time in london. it's great to see jamie oliver set up a restaurant in this non-profit fashion and still ensure that it has the look and feel of a high-end restaurant. the quality you would look for in a jamie oliver restaurant was still there and it's great to know that my enjoyment of a great meal may help someone get future employment in the industry. a truly worthwhile cause to support.cheers! 5 stars for the food, 3 stars for the service.the food is delectable. i especially loved the burrata, pork chop, and agnolotti with peas. cocktails were very delicate. the atmosphere is wonderful. upstairs and downstairs each have a different vibe. really comfortable environment and not too stuffy.the only complaint is with the service. it was inattentive. we waited a while for our reservation. they kept forgetting to bring us plates to share the food. and not very friendly overall. fifteen is jamie oliver's restaurant in london. their menu offers dinner (braised lamb shoulder, english smoked-ricotta, braised cuttlefish, short ribs, grilled hake, etc.), lunch (spinach soup, beer-battered whiting, pork & sage sausage, spaghetti, etc.), and pudding (prosseco & conference pear jelly, apple & custard tart, mandarin sorbet, etc.) options. they also have a bar that offers cocktails, wines, craft beers, and ciders with small plates. the executive head chef is jon rotheram. all the profits that is made by the restaurant is for the unemployed youth to give them an opportunity to have a better future (part of jamie oliver's food foundation). how neat is that?+owned by jamie oliver+opportunities for unemployed youth great meal, friendly, fast and helpful service, very good quality food.the menu is a little limited for those non meat eater. lucky enough i do like and eat meat, let your tastebuds explode :) was taken on a date here and what a great choice, started off with a gin at the bar in which i was spoilt for choice then we were seated! the olives were super delicious, huge and creamy great little appetiser, i had the salmon which was incredible and there is a great selection of wine, our waiter recommended a great bottle of red which worked well with the meal. will definitely be returning, plus perfect area to head for drinks after! let me start off by saying i love jamie oliver! i love his personality, his vision of food and community, and what he stands for. i loved everything about this restaurant! the menu is short, but perfect. my dining partners and i had a difficult time choosing what to order because it all sounds delicious! the menu translated very well because the food matched up to how great it sounded. my salmon was cooked to absolute perfection, the sides were expertly done, the apps, desserts....everything was perfect. i highly recommend a visit to fifteen for a special meal. i've been remiss in not reviewing this place since i was there in may... time has gotten away from me. my boyfriend planned for us to go and made reservations before we even left sf!i loved the atmosphere and staff. there was a lovely woman who sort of functioned like the sommelier/manager. she kept us in champagne, which we both love. i can't remember what my boyfriend ordered but i do remember that we both loved my order best and that was these to-die-for short ribs. yummy is an understatement! very charming, good service and food. romantic. highly recommend ! [insert excitable scream here] by jove i think he's got it!finally, a restaurant in london with perfect service. i can't even describe how happy this makes me... i had even forgotten what it was like to feel welcomed and looked after in such a nice environment. hallelujah!i wasn't aware of the concept behind fifteen until our excellent waiter described it to us, which just blew my little scottish mind. this place is worth a visit (and a return) just to try the tasting menu downstairs; the food is exceptional. between us, we had almost everything to share and there wasn't a dish i could say a bad word about. the lamb main really ticked the box for me too.the ambience and music is unpretentious, and on the whole i thought the experience really was quite lovely!yes it's a tad pricey, but for what they do with that money, i would pay it again. good work, mr oliver. food was adequate, service was lackluster. celebrated my birthday here and was disappointed that they didn't do anything to celebrate considering we told our waiter. overall, i had high hopes for mr. oliver's restaurant (big fan of his) and, for the price, this did not live up to our expectations. really enjoyed my dinner here. i was excited to try it, knowing about jamie oliver's charity and the apprentice program. the ambience was great and while it was very open, it was not too noisy. i had salmon and my companion had pasta and both dishes were excellent. all desserts are prepared fresh in-house and were unique. good wine list. i definitely recommend. amazing!! the chef's experience was a home run! from the spectacular food to the great service and atmosphere, this place is a++++. yum!came here with two friends while on holiday in london. i used to watch jamie oliver's show on food network so i was excited to see that he had a restaurant we could visit. the inspiration behind fifteen is pretty inspiring. it's pretty much an establishment (since there are multiple locations) dedicated to getting underprivileged young people exposure to the restaurant industry and give them a chance to get experience and build a life. it's actually affiliated with jamie oliver's charity.anyway, we went relatively early and the restaurant wasn't quite ready yet so we were allowed to sit in the bar area and sip on some drinks while we waited. once seated, one friend and i each ordered the rainbow trout and our other friend ordered roast chicken. everything was really yummy and service was pretty quick. everything is a bit pricey, but it's a fancy place with fancy food, so the price does pretty much match the quality.the ambiance was romantic and cozy and sweet. there were also really interesting salt and pepper holders made from rocks with a piece scooped out to make room to hold the salt and pepper.being a bit inexperienced with europe, we didn't know to ask for tap water and so we paid a bunch of useless money for a bottle of water instead. whoops. so tourists, be warned, haha. we also sat around forever before realizing we had to ask for the check (since in america, i guess we're rude and we usher the customers out by forcing the checks on the table).overall, it was a fun experience. visited in march of 2011. i remember it being one of my best restaurant experiences. i have always been a big jamie oliver fan and on a short trip to london i was determined to dine at fifteen & jamie's italian.as any fanatic, i went knowing the background and history of the restaurant. i just had to experience it for myself.be sure to schedule a reservation to sit in their main dining room downstairs. from this area of the restaurant you can see into the kitchen and watch the chefs as they prepare your meal. i was there on a weekday and the dining room downstairs had a few tables available, but the general seating upstairs was full (this is why having the reservation is important). i was able to sit at the bar and enjoy a fennel cocktail while i waited for my table. it was fantastic!!!i loved the ambiance of this restaurant, the service was very nice and the food was so delicious!!! i had the short rib - the meat was so tender, and also the combination with the artichoke and the pickled walnut....oh it was great great great! my friends had the duck (also so tender and on the point) and the gnocchi....we had also dessert....the apple crumble - yammmmiiii. so unfortunately we were just in london for holidays otherwise i would really come more often. coincidentally, we went here for lunch the day before the 10th anniversary of fifteen. as much as i wanted to give jamie oliver's fifteen a glowing review just for the inspired concept - training unemployed young people to cook in a real restaurant setting - i still needed to try the food. first item was the burrata and it was great. very refreshing and perfect for the london summer day (oxymoron?). instead of the common tomato and basil treatment, they went with peaches and other herbs. it was the favorite dish amongst the whole table. the roast pork, on the other hand, was a let down. it looked amazing on the plate, but it was all show...no go. a big hulking, bland, chewy cut of pork on top of a mushy bell pepper mass. i was tempted to ask for some salt. i was also tempted to send it back for something else...or just take it off the check. in retrospect i wish i had acted on one of those urges, but i didn't want to appear to be the rude american. perhaps some of the flavors were lost in translation. is this how the british like their pork?! or maybe this plate was an unfortunate exception. after all, it was recommended by our waitress as the main course for the 26/person lunch. no matter how you explain it, this dish disappointed me.moving on...a friend ordered a vegetarian risotto which was good. rich, buttery, and cheesy in all the ways that risotto should be. that said, it didn't really amaze us. nor did it redeem that pork. (i can really hold a grudge when it comes to food)i admire jamie oliver giving back to the community with the fifteen chef apprentice program and his promotion of healthier eating in schools. still, i couldn't recommend fifteen's food to a friend. it all looks great from the outside, but the food fell short. we had been to fifteen prior to its renovations, and we must emphasize how much better the food is now with the new chef! the decor is much warmer, and the food seems to have found its direction. however, i wish we would have been offered more than 1 vegetarian option- usually at these kinds of restaurants, the chef will offer to make something off the menu when choice is limited (and we were 2 vegetarians who ended up ordering exactly the same meal). prices also seem to have gone up since we were there last and service was not as good. solid food but the service was disorganized and lacking.the food had that jamie oliver touch that you come to expect. my wife and i shared his roast chicken and it was easily one of the best i've ever had. a great menu with lots of choice, even with our allergies.the service on the other hand left a bit to be desired. the hostess did not offer to take out coats and umbrella, it was another server who noticed us struggling to stow them somewhere. she brought a cloakroom card so the service was available. our server seemed only interested in getting our order in, hovering over us with an unpleasant air. when we told him about our allergies (gluten and dairy), he disappeared to the kitchen for about 15 minutes. should have known about common allergens in the tiny menu. he returned with a list and asked us what we wanted without showing us the list. we picked one item and he told us we couldn't because of the allergies. i finally peaked at the list he had (but didn't show us) and picked an option available. in the end felt more like we were a burden and he was had already moved his hopes to the next seating of our table.the service could learn a thing from the food. simple, well-executed, and perfect.	0	1	1	0	0
 this place is awesome. walked in and felt like i was in another country, japan. the layout, presentation, staff and most of the customers here are japanese. talk about authentic, this place is a gem. just got out of a concert and needed food badly, found out this place opens late. walked in at 10.40pm and they still took orders. has a wide selection of sushi, sashimi and set meals. meal sizes are just nice and the prices are decent. high quality meat, tastes lovely lovely staff, quick service and lovely ambience. it's a nice place to chill, and have drinks. enough seats for couples, groups and families. i wouldn't say it's kids friendly cause it feels like a place where adults come in to let go some steam after a long day (maybe it's because i'm here at almost 11pm). also no space to park a stroller. i'm going to come back here to chill df out lol got recommended this place for some authentic japanese cuisine, have yet to find any in london so was super excited. we were a table of 3 mixed japanese/western. the place is only small, lucky we made a booking (which kind of sealed the deal for us because the guy was speaking japanese ). the service is nice and friendly, food was great. the menu is extensive.... we ordered so much it was crazy. beef tataki was the highlight along with the agedashi tofu . the tempura seafood was also ace. we did order yakitori and tsukune too but unanimously weren't keen on the *special sauce - bit on the salty side. back there again this week so will check out other things on the menu inexpensive, authentic and good tasting japanese food. you'll find this restaurant just around the corner from mornington crescent. you'll need to make a reservation here as it gets packed full of locals and japanese people, for good reason. this place is a little hidden gem in london, as the restaurant really transports you to japan, it is small, quirky, and best of all, japanese music is playing!they have lots of small dishes to offer, so i had fried oysters, pork belly, mixed sashimi, takoyaki, fried aubergine, tonkatsu, and finally some sweet green tea and sesame ice cream. all dishes were good. i paid under 55 for all of this, including 2 glasses of wine and soft drinks. the service is really good, the staff are very friendly.but i have to add.. this isn't the best tasting japanese food in london, none of the dishes wowed me, that's why i haven't given 5 stars. it is worthy of a visit though, as the food is so cheap and the experience and atmosphere are on-point. thanks asakusa! if you're thinking of trying this restaurant. just no. terrible service. food is relatively fine but definitely not worth the hassle you have to put up with to get it. we were surrounded by incredibly rowdy customers who were shouting and screaming in a basement of a dirty and outdated restaurant with terrible decor. the toilet was filthy and there was only one for a man and a woman. so be prepared to queue.when we went to order after spending half an hour trying to get the attention of our waitress she informed us that the sushi would take an hour so being a little crushed as that's why we came here we chose other foods. it took an hour and a half for the food we did order. so basically we should have gotten the sushi as it would have been faster. what we got was a small portion of what could be described as chicken i guess and a small portion of pork. took another hour almost to get one portion of ice cream and a bill. never again. so you like japanese food and want to have a taste of what a good isakaya is without travelling 13 hours to go to japan???? then you on the spot .... asakusa is the place to be.the menus are both in english and japanese and the staff are able to speak both languages. the felling i can tell is that you are actually in japan. now on the subject that matters ... food....... simply said aweeeeeeesome. there is a variety of small dishes you can choose most of them very typical for a isakaya restaurant along with the normal selection of sushi. but if you want to follow my advice skip the sushi and eat all the rest. additionally you can quince your thirst with real japanese sake and beer. skip the wine section as its not so great ( you are after all in a japanese restaurant and japan one thing they are not known for is wine)the only reasonthat i am giving them 4 starts instead of 5 (and believe i had to really contemplate on that) is the booking procedure they have. although you might be lucky to find something if just walk in when you try to book on the phone they seem to be a bit rude whether you do it in japanese or english. so i will keep visiting and hope they will fix that ... that 5 star review is just around the corner i got the hamburg steak with salad appetizer, and then the sashimi set, which came with a bowl of rice and a miso soup.both tasted good. the hamburg steak was a bit on the dry side, and i've had better sake sashimi at eat tokyo for a lower price.what was unbearable was the service. it took a solid 30 minutes for me to see any food at all. the person sitting next to me at the bar was quoted 50 minutes, and he sat there with no food until i was done eating.then, to top it off, they took forever to give me the bill. i had to flag down three different waitresses before i could pay them. then a week later, i realize that they charged me twice on my card. i'm going to drop by tomorrow or something to get it refunded - but how annoying!i was really excited to find a very highly rated sushi place a 5 minute walk from my place, but it was a disappointment. ok so where do i start..... let'sstart by saying that the place looks like a right hole from the outside. on walking in i was like "ohh ok this ain't to bad" but then i realised there was nowhere to sit so they took us down stairs to where the over flow of customers go. anyway first impressions of the downstairs was a bad smell, like a mixture of damp and cats piss... also very old fashion decor and just dusty looking crap all over the place, it looked like it had not been painted or touched in over 30 years. the smell was really putting me off, i remember saying to my girlfriend that if the sitting area ain't clean and it's stinky what's the kitchen like . anyway long story short... the food was real good and the service just as good. but don't think i would go back as there is just as good "imo" japanese restaurants "that don't smell like cats piss or look like they're from the 70s" near by. bottom line is this place is always packed so it must be good, but me personally don't like a stale stench while eating. would have got a 4 if not for the smell and dirty looking decor. but as i said the food was great. i got a recommendation to come here from a couple of people. i called and they didn't have any reservations, but i chanced it and decided to come see if they'd seat us. i came around 6:30 on a friday night and they seated us at the counter immediately. the whole place was just lovely. i ordered tofu with bean sprouts, fried miso eggplant, shiitake mushroom sushi, and miso soup. matt b went for chicken katsu. everything was perfect. my fave dish was the miso eggplant. the staff was super nice and even refilled my water. i'll definitely be coming back as much as i can. the total price was reasonable, too. 27 pounds for dinner and drinks. deserves less but don't have that option unfortunately. was confused based on the reviews. anyway the fish is definitely far from fresh. has a very bad taste and smells bad. even when you sit down you can smell something from the stairs oozing into your nostrils which makes a bad meal even more disgusting. the service is awful and when i say awful i'm saying a complete joke. you might as well have just made yourself or paid a ten year old to help. everything is dirty and outdated, it's really beyond me why this place remains open. if you like your stomach stay away, if you like your toilet come check it out. julia d and i were lucky to get a couple of seats when we rocked up on 6:30 on a friday night, i would recommend booking ahead when coming on friday or saturday as other attempts to come here haven't been too successful. asakusa is a very popular spot!i ordered chicken katsu and miso soup. julia d went for a range of different sushi which she was very please with. the staff were super helpful and kept filling up our water which is rare for london. the whole bill came to around 25 which was very reasonable considering the amount of food we had. asakusa. it's been on my main list of places to visit for some time. i took a friend who was over from la. now, if you've been to la you know that they get very good asian food. korea, thai, vietnamese and of course japanese (esp raw fish). i took her there knowing that asakusa was highly rated by locals. i was lucky enough to get a last minute booking very early in the evening. 6pm when it opened to be precise. it looks very lacklustre from outside. bit old hat you might say. and inside it's no different really. but, and eventhough i have an eye for decor and design, when it comes to eating out, it's all about the food for me. anything else is a bonus. i ordered for us, being the ocd person that i am, scanning reviews the night before and knowing what to get. the baked aubergine is sweet and large. good to share. and best to have with a starch or protein as on it's own it would be too sickly. i had to get prawn tempura. which was very fresh and light. a winner for me. the karaage chicken was good, but not the best i've had in london. it was not oily at all. but that's where i was kinda disappointed as it almost looked too healthy. no glistening. it was a big portion of 4 pieces on the bone. but i do prefer my karaage (like korean fried chicken) boneless. onto the fish...the black cod is something i read to be a certainty to order and i really liked it. sweet undertones on the the cod it was good. the horse mackerel was not in, but the server kindly explained there is not much difference! so mackerel nigiri it was. i love mackerel. one of my fav fishes and this was good. the spicy tuna rolls were more coarse than some you might find but this did not detract from the dish. very good maki rolls.so all in all it was good. not great but good. but this was my first visit and i'll be back for another try for sure. and the service was lovely and attentive. they even got me japanese mayo for my karaage chicken when i asked for some. so good work. a solid 7/10. food: everything we ordered was really good. i would highly recommend the pork belly, fried aubergine with soya paste, and quail eggs. the sushi was also very fresh!service: not good. our waitress was super friendly but the food took a long time and we had to ask for water and the bill multiple times.ambiance: quaint. it's small and charming. the vibe is pretty authentic. terrible service and terrible hot food. the only good thing we ordered here was a tuna avocado roll. the salmon sake sashimi was mediocre, but maybe the nigiri might have been better.pork belly: ridiculously tough to eat and so salty. terrible.chicken meatball skewer: way too salty. i don't understand why they need to put so much salt on everything.asakusa udon: just ok. their definition of vegetables on the menu is seaweed only. the mochi was weird and eel did not taste so great. only good thing were the soft chewy noodles.salmon sake sashimi: ok. tough to eat and i've definitely had better.tuna avocado roll: this was the best thing ordered and was actually really good. expensive and a huge disappointment. the male server has a terrible attitude problem. i'd highly recommend going elsewhere. will only be visiting here for sushi. been on a search for good local spot sushi place in central london for a while and experienced so many places that has warm poor quality tasting sushi that just had to do the job of curbing that sushi craving. japanese owned and staff are nice. btw, beware of the 40 minute wait to get your sushi order.must make a reservation! asakusa is a tiny, hole in the wall that serves authentic japanese food and is great value for money. i loved the salmon sashimi, as i always do, and i love the bustling and elbow to elbow little japanese world in here. i tried nasu dengaku for the first time, and it was really nice! the genmaicha was also great and the maki rolls i had here were good. asakusa is a place i will definitely come back to! you must make a reservation. while the service was nice, the food took forever to come out. make sure you order everything at once, otherwise you will be there over one and a half hours. the food was delicious, particularly the pork belly, eggplant, and the sashimi, but did not fill us up at all. we were still hungry at the end of the meal, and that's with us purchasing 6-7 small dishes costing around 70 pounds.bottom line: while it was a nice dinner, we don't see ourselves really going again. i love asakusa.i had a japanese boyfriend in my first year of university (quite a long time ago- eep!) at that time i had only lived in japan for about 6 months...and i was used to eating my host mother's amazing cooking...so after i moved to london, i really missed unpretentious, decent japanese grub. back then, asakusa came to the rescue! it has always been cheap, but incredibly tasty. i also love that the menu is written all over the walls, so i could practice kanji while eating out - that sort of counts as studying!!anyway... now i've yo-yoed between london and kansai all of my adult life, if it always good to go back to the awesome places from my student years and find that they are still tasty, reasonably priced and just as dodgy-looking as ever!**i should probably mention that my japanese boyfriend left me broken hearted yeeears ago, but asakusa has never let me down...and even helped me seduce my lovely current man. *starts to drool thinking of both...* definitely one of the best sushi places in london.**note: also great for hot japanese food -- useful to eat at with friends who don't like sushi .have been eating here for the past 5 - 6 years and went back last week (for the first time in a year) and was not disappointed. don't let the shabby exterior fool you, this place is the real thing.so what if you can't read the food offerings in japanese on the walls, there is plenty on this very varied menu to choose from. so what if the sushi takes ages to arrive and the food your table has ordered comes out at all different times....it makes it feel more like a family run place. sit back and enjoy. they have an excellent sake selection as well.tips:1. make a reservation. it gets crowded quite quickly, even on what you might think would be a 'quiet night'.2. order sushi early...if you are eating/order after 18.30 you will have to wait 30 minutes or more for your sushi. if you are pressed for time get one of the hot dishes. my favorite is the salmon with soy glaze -- the portion is huge.now pick up a big ol' piece of pickled ginger and dig in. you know what really frustrates me? when a restaurant with really tasty food has really horrible service. why can't people get things right?there were five of us here, and we had a reservation, but we were seated downstairs. i mean it's nice that they have a downstairs room, but it smells awful getting to it (because of the toilets). i can't help but wonder if the terrible service had to do with us being seated downstairs, but whatever.we ordered a lot of food. and all of it was good. sashimi? delicious. sushi? tasty. skewers of various types of chicken offal? really amazing. tonkatsu? awesome. tempura? great. it just took forever. it's like the kitchen staff don't know how to organize themselves to cook things in a timely manner. weird. you know what else took ages? getting our saki. the first batch of saki we ordered? took forever to arrive. you know what else took ages? getting a server's attention so we could order more saki. you know what took even longer? getting the servers to refill our water when we repeatedly asked them to do it. we also tried to order a bit more sushi at the end. like i've done at every other sushi restaurant i've ever been to anywhere ever. and it was going to take 30 minutes. not cool guys, not cool.i guess when they know people will keep going to a restaurant because the food is good, they can be horrible servers. however, i think that a place with good food isn't worth going to if you have to deal with service like that. so i won't be returning even though the food was some of the best japanese i've had in london. this is a mixed review as the restaurant has a cool genuine izakaya feel to it and the food is quite good and reasonably priced, but the problem is the service is so slow. i mean, you could literally die of hunger in this place. the main issue is there is only one sushi chef in a tiny bar to make all of the cold dishes. combine that with the fact he is probably the slowest sushi chef i have ever witnessed means like me you will probably still feel hungry after being in the restaurant for 2 hours!!!!!! too bad given that the dishes that do come out are good! if you're there as a group and don't mind drinking between snacks then it's a winner but don't go unless you have a 2-3 hours to kill. what happened to the miso soup? it used to be wonderful but for the last two visits, they tasted odd - maybe too much iriko? i hope they go back to the previous recipe and use katsuo stock instead.other than that everything else was as good as before. i had really high expectations for this place since a few friends recommended it and overall it was a good place to try but not sure if i would go back.we went on a sat and it was packed so good thing we made a reservation. surprisingly we started with udon noodles and chicken teriyaki, which is so weird because usually you end with that. then the sushi and sashimi came after a very long wait and by that time we weren't so hungry after the hot food! :( the sushi was mediocre, the sashimi was a lot better but their was something wrong with the tuna as it was a bit stringy. i got the sesame ice cream to end. the staff were really friendly but you have to wait a while for the food. not the best date place i have to say but happy i tried it. we went here on our last night in london. the sushi was very fresh and the service was good. we were seated pretty quickly and i was surprised at how soon our food was served. the owners kept checking in on us very often. the place is super small so i can see it getting crowded from time to time. i spent a significant amount of my childhood in tokyo and while this place does not feel like japanese sushi joints, it does serve just as much fresh fish! we ordered the gyoza which was delicious. we ordered three roles between the three of two of us but i cannot for the life of me remember which ones they were. i wish we had ordered some noodles or soup because the folks next to us did and it looked amazing! i absolutely was drooling over their meal while waiting for mine. compared to the rest of the places in london, this was not a bad deal. i believe we spent about 40 pounds on the whole meal, which was not bad for such a popular spot. overall, would totally recommend this place if you are craving some asian food in the midst of all the shepherd pies, donuts and steaks! it is my favorite sushi place on the city. the sushi is very fresh, a little tiny bit warm and very smooth. the avocado/salmon was my favorite out of all. otherwise the pork belly and avocado was amazing as well. the service is fine, it only takes a little to make the sushi since only one person is making it (but very good!!) typical izakaya with nice udon and sushi. the salmon sushi looks crystal and extremely fresh. best japanese in london. unless you are lucky, you may have to reserve few days in advance (even weeks). it is properly japanese, you might need some help to read the menu :) but the quality is really high. you can also guess it by the amount of japanese people dining at the place. another discovery courtesy of yelp! thank you, thank you, thank you.the authentic food and ambiance which definitely reminded me of my experience in japan. food-wise we had the miso soup, battered quail egg on a stick, beef teriyaki, assorted tempura (vegetable, salmon and shrimp), sashimi squid and the assorted nigiri sushi that deliciously filled our hungry bellies. although, the sushi did not tasted super fresh we still enjoyed the goodness of it. my other half definitely enjoyed the well marinated sashimi squid while i grubbed on the very tasty teriyaki. i must say that the menu here is pretty inundating as it seem to keep going on and on, hence the amount of food we ordered. overall, wonderful find in london. get there early - we made the mistake of getting there around 7 and had to wait about 2 hours... so of course had too many drinks at the pub nearby. i will need to go back and try the food properly but from what i remember in between the haze of a magnum size sake bottle is that the takoyaki was amazing and we ordered a 2nd round. if you read my reviews, a lot of them are about using the yelp app on the go without planning and dropping by one of the recommendations. i warn you that its not a good method cause it backfires sometimes :) thats a problem when you're with a hangry wife!!hangry = hungry + angry.but when it works and you end up at a cool hole in the wall, authentic, japanese restaurant its a lot of fun. and its exactly why i love yelp!we loved everything, i say everything because i have to admit japanese is not my strongest cuisine! i usually ask my wife to order and so far that has worked for me :)because its a review i should try at least to find the things we ordered on the menu for you. ok i tried and failed! but here's what i remember :) we ordered an assortment of sushi which i know contained eel which i loved. we also had the vegetables dumplings, and the tampora mix. really horrendous service. we had a reservation and were seated at the table, but no one ever came by to take our order, not even drinks. after waiting 30 minutes we finally flagged someone down just to find that it would be an additional hour wait for sushi. no thank you.	0	0	1	0	0
 this is a gastro-pub. do not come here if you want a typical restaurant. the eagle is first come, first to get a table, a couch, a chair, a stool, etc. arrive between 7 and 830 and you'll be hard pressed to find a spot to sit. the food is incredible. the menu changes - large chalk boards over the open kitchen - as you sit in the pub. tonight i had the steak sandwich. super peppery with caramelized onions and romaine lettuce. the roll is toasted then the faces are dipped into the steak marinade left in the frying pan. a french dip already dipped. it is crazy good.come and share the food with friends. expect a vibrant, rather loud pub atmosphere. if that's what you're looking for , i highly recommend the eagle. was suggested to come here for work lunch as they are known to have great food (and borderline poor service), not far from the truth! we were a group of 10, didn't have a booking but could see some free tables that weren't already reserved so a few of us saved them while the others made their way. the older gentleman working was very rude about us doing that, the place wasn't even packed and we'd made note to arrive before the lunch rush to avoid any delays as we only have an hour. not sure what the fuss was about, unnecessary rudeness. on the other hand, the food was delicious. would high recommend the steak sandwich (monster stack of meat). i probably won't be in a hurry to come back purely based on the service. a gem. really. this place is a bit far from the action but it makes it more entertaining once you discover it. sitting at a corner of a busy street, this pub-restaurant looks cosy without overdoing it. actually it looked a little off to me first time i stepped inside. lights were not too bright and it gave a grayish look with the rain outside. it was like stepping in a place you read about in books. once the vision had disappeared i realized how heart warming this place is. it is busy in there mainly because of having the kitchen in the open, in the main room. you pick a chair, and then everything has to be ordered from the counter. and that is where it starts. menus are written on chalk boards and change every day, even every hours. it is simple and food combinations looked all very appealing the day we were there. i got the steak, not so original you should say. but oh god i don't regret it. perfectly cooked, thinly cut, lightly browned on the outside, veggies grilled next to it. friends took the fish, a wholly grilled fish with delish swiss chard. it was perfect. plates looked and tasted great. service is impeccable. while you eat, locals poured in, staff worked hard in the open kitchen, allowing you to see everything. to me it is a fast-casual-trendy (without willing to be) restaurant. very nice time there. to end this beautiful moment we got the lemon panacota with caramel and caramelized onion and boy this one topped it all. very very nice desert. clap clap clap. we finished it all and gave a warm au revoir to the host. we'll be back for sure. this was worth the trip. i need to update my previous review. last time i ate here i enjoyed a simple dish of sausage and lentils which was just perfect. the steak sandwich is also pretty good. service is fast and the beers are good too. great place. great vibe. great food. you order at the bar, and the menu is written on chalk boards. the food is cooked right behind the bar. i love beer, and recommend you avoid the eagle ipa. we at the signature steak sandwich and plaice fish (similar to flounder). both emails were excellent -great food. i didn't visit many gastropubs on my trip, but this was definitely better than all of the food that i'd had at pubs (and many other places)-prices seemed pretty reasonable (london standards)-it's a big place (for a pub), and was packed with locals on a late monday night-serve food till quite late (pub standards)-my standard drink order of ale was ok, but probably my least favorite ale of the trip-it's a bit of a hike from the tube station (central)... maybe that's one reason that there are so many locals. food isn't bad (said friends) but they served me hazelnuts despite my alerting them to having a nut allergy and i had to pay for the dish anyway. also, who doesn't have drinking straws in their restaurant? also no sauce of any kind? yeesh. this famous old pub is definitely up to the hype! everyone swears by the steak sandwiches and i agree they are delicious but there are also plenty of other meals on offer here. at the eagle pub you can sample anything from delicious monkfish that comes with fennel and lemon alioli, or pork that is served with amazingly tasty salsa verde. the atmosphere is real lively, the open kitchen satisfies your senses, the sights and smells of food being prepared heightens your dining experience. the staff are friendly and the windows are big, light floods in to the warm, welcoming space. a great night, would recommend to all. definitely a five star!!! amazing steak sandwich, great atmosphere, perfect meal! they have a great selection of bears and wines and all the food looks and smells great. the cooking area is behind the bar so you can see how freshly cooked your food is! all the chairs, tables and crockery are mis matches which only adds to the charm of the place. you have to go if you're anywhere near farringdon! what more to say about the eagle? you go expecting delicious food, because of the reputation. and indeed it's held to that reputation.... had a piri piri quail with a farro salad which was inventive and tasty. doesn't break the bank either at 10.80. the beer selection is a little uninspired, being the same standard draughts you see elsewhere. it's a little chaotic, as many come just to drink as well as nibble, and it's quite a small place. this is definitely the type of place i'd bring someone to visit, if not just for the "gastropub" charm. nice and charming bar, always has people and the vide is great. they have good selection of beers on tap.food menu is simple but great, the steak sandwich is just out of this world!!! :)maybe the only downside is that if you want to have a tenable on thursday or friday you need to go there early. i've walked by this dozens of times, but never really put it together that it was the famous gastropub until i was looking for a pub/restaurant close to farringdon tube station. i met two friends here on a weekday evening, and to my surprise, it had much more of a pub atmosphere than that of a gastropub, with lots of people sitting in large groups at the table and just drinking (well, it was also christmas time). by way of contrast, the jugged hare and bull & last had much more of a quiet restaurant setting, and anchor and hope has a separate dining room set out from the main bar. they also don't take reservations for tables, so we let a server know that we were waiting and then grabbed drinks at the bar. i ordered a hackney ipa to start and it was a little warm for my liking (i.e. not cold at all). after about 20-30 minutes, three seats opened up by the window, as in stools along the ledge looking out to the street. we thought it was actually nice to be a little separated from the loud pub rowdiness going on in the centre, so it worked out quite well. then it took us a while to realise that there was no menu coming, as the menu is on the blackboard behind the bar/open kitchen and you have to get up and order at the bar. unfortunately they had ran out of sea bream by that point so i went with the chef's recommendation, the crab linguini, and my two friends ordered the eagle burger, filled with at least 4 thin slices of steak. i thought the crab linguini was ok, very fishy but tasty, but i probably won't try to order a pasta at a pub again. my friends liked the burger, though there was no indication that it was spicy and it actually has quite a strong kick to it. there were no sides served with it, but it was already too much to finish. there's not much in terms of service, as the server only brings the food out to you, and drinks are self-serve at the bar and they are not exactly bringing water to the table. that said, you are not paying for it either. overall i think it is a fun place but it definitely feels like food takes a backseat. the eagle is the first gastropub i ever went to, when i was visiting a friend in london in - oh - 2007ish? i thought it was omgzsupercoolandurban then, and i think similarly complimentary things about it to this day (different word choices, though). i think i had onion soup and sausages? but maybe the specifics are irrelevant: it held a magical "come live in london one day" vibe to it. bottom line: it's just a (gastro) pub that gets things right. i like that there is free reading material around for solo diners. i like the clunky communal tables. i like being able to sit at the window and people-watch. i like balmy early fall nights where everyone hangs out in light sweaters and marvels at the weather over some boozy tipple. yes, the eagle is this place. i fuzzily remember an awkward friday night at the eagle where it was super loud and super busy and super booked and end result...super not-chill. but that is a fuzzy memory, and my other good times certainly cancel it out. the only possible lesson learned from that is: come early, if you are a people-phobe. yelp note: i don't really care when i'm with friends and a gin, but...service can be slow here. just a note in case you're, like, in a rush to make it to a one direction concert or something (it doesn't take away from the 5 stars). our last night in london we decided to have a meal at a local gastro-pub. we chose the eagle from yelp reviews. i must say that it was the right choice. picking our meal from the chalkboard menu i chose the braised free range chicken leg, cyprus potatoes with garlic, anchovy and rosemary chili. my wife and our friend both chose the eagle steak sandwich. i can report the chicken was tender and flavorful, with just enough chili to give it some heat and augment the flavor of the chicken and potatoes.the eagle steak sandwich was marvelous. the steak was tender to the tooth, with roasted onion, in a spicy sauce, topped with romaine lettuce, all in a brioche bun. no other sauce or condiment is needed with this sandwich. both dishes were perfect portions, and paired well with the drawn guinness.we topped off the meal with a wonderful walnut truffle chocolate cake. rich dark chocolate without any bitterness, with walnut chunks infused throughout. a very memorable meal for our last night in london! great atmosphere, excellent food. great beer selection. had the pork, potato dinner was delicious. the linguine was fabulous. also had the pannacotta and plum dessert, was perfect. would definitely go again. the eagle, known for being the first gastropub, is a good quality no frills gastropub. it is overwhelmingly simple, with a mix of tables and chairs and half of the bar being an open kitchen which pumps our really delicious, if unimpressive looking food. don't expect parsley and swirls of a fancy reduction on the side of your dish. do expect a handful of great beers on tap, and 5 or 6 main rotating food options which always include the massive and mouthwatering steak sandwich.perfect spot for a bunch of drinks with friends and some good food mixed in! this is a great looking place with a lot of atmosphere. they also have this awesome rock shandy which would score high on my alternative 5 star review system (based on quality of soft drink provision).what i didn't like was that the food took ages to come. we got there pretty late so i was really hungry. maybe it was all the acid in my stomach but the gorgonzola risotto i had didn't go down so well either. one of my friends had a sausage disk that was absolutely incredible though. i had major food envy. i don't know why i'm always compelled to order risotto in restaurants because i'm always a bit disappointed (like here, it didn't really taste much of gorgonzola which was what attracted me to it in the first place). i love this place. the food is simply delicious and good value. the wines interesting and tasty. plus the ambience makes you feel like staying for hours, as i often do.the first gastropub and still the best. decor: it has that 'hip' cozy pub vibe. it gets crowded and you just kind of seat yourself- i think it depends on where you sit, but i didn't feel too comfortable where i was seated.service: you order up at the bar and they'll bring you out your food. i was a little confused with this concept and since it was a bit loud and crowded, it was hard to get the attention of the people behind the bar. the chefs will answer your questions on food if you have any though, so that's nice.food: i like that they change their menu up frequently and the food is quite good! i had the filet strip steak and it was cooked all nice and juicy. i did have to chew my way through just a little but it wasn't bad by any means. my friends also throughly enjoyed their dishes and finished them all up.overall: the vibe isn't really my scene, but the food is really better than average here, so pop in for a yummy meal! excellent menu with a few tapas (good olives, chorizo), a steak sandwich, salads (love the courgettes and aubergine with buffalo mozzarella), gazpacho, and a good beer and wine selection. helpful service and quick food based on seasonal ingredients. a little loud sitting on the street but good for some people watching. loved this place but come early! i really love this place.the have an excellent food menu at reasonable price. they also served somevegetarian menu. surely delicious and healthy foods. the sandwich is very good, full of toppingsand the patty is large enough for a serving. the fish and chips arealsoflavourful too. cons:the don't serve jaegerthey don't serve red bullthey take forever to serve foodpros:veeeery reasonable prices for drinksunique place with loads of seating.a little out of the way so it attracts a nice clientele.the best steak sandwich in the world, marinated for 24 hours in garlic, chili and a whole host of other fragrant things, simply fried and served in a home baked roll with onions. incredible.the pros win, hands-down. widely accepted as the birthplace of the gastropub, the eagle's been around since 1991. here you'll find new british dishes infused with a bit of mediterranean flair - like potato soup with chorizo, tapas plates of multi-coloured olives, or a perfectly cooked hanger steak accompanied by grainy mustard.i arrived before my dining companion and snagged the travel section of the paper from a big stack at the back and settled in at a communal table near the window. i was soon accompanied by another woman who was eating and drinking solo. this gastropub's equally good for solo and group dining, depending on which you fancy. half empty when i arrived at half past six on saturday night, the eagle was brimming with boisterous patrons an hour later.while most folks were on beer, i quite enjoyed my two glasses of rioja. the casual, communal atmosphere of the eagle will lure you inside, while the fabulous, no fuss food - full of fresh ingredients - will inspire lingering. great blend of food and atmosphere, could do with a couple of extra interesting beers on tap but all round this is an ace pub. came across this place by accident whilst on a wee holiday in london. the food looked fantastic so we decided to go back later for a mealthe place was too busy so we decided to wait at the bar for a table but the waitress was insistent we share a small table with a couple of guys. perhaps this is normal in london or this place in particular but we wanted our own space. 'no no no, sit here, come on, sit down' er..no we'd rather wait. you must sit down, come come! this was also unfair on the two guys who weren't even asked their permission to have me and my girlfriend share a small intimate table with them. meanwhile, the waitress wouldn't actually leave us just to decide for ourselves what we wanted to do. we did manage to escape into the fresh air eventually. phew! boo. that is basically my first and lasting reaction. boo to you, the eagle.we so wanted to love the place! it was raining, and we walked it and it was cozy, warm and smelled wonderful. top it off with some leffe on tap (and a pint of bitter for the bf), and open plan kitchen and a great little menu that sounded great - we thought we had found the real deal, the birthplace of the gastopub.i ordered steak toast and the bf a pasta dish. so far so good, looking at the chefs milling about behind the partition and things cooking, we were generally very excited.then the food came, and unfortunately this is where it all unravelled. the waitress slapped the plates down and had turned around before i even got a chance to smile at her. the food looked promising, large plates and nice looking meat.i then realised my steak toast had no butter or any other sauce, it was only a piece of toast and a steak. i waved over a different waiter and asked for some ketchup or mayonnaise, or any steak sauce really - at which point the waiter looked at me like something he found under his shoe and said 'we dont serve condiments.' no sorry, no unfortunately, no 'um, i could get you some olive oil?', no nothing.so i understand completely the desire not to slap heinz or hellmans onto a nice steak but please, give me some homemade mayonnaise or freshly made tomato ketchup, or even just a bit of butter - anything!! and please, when i ask a completely acceptable question in a friendly way, and its your job to answer - reciprocate in kind!we were a bit speechless after that, the mood definitely taken down a notch. the food itself was alright, the steak cooked well enough and the pasta good, but a little forgettable. nothing to really write home and nothing i would brave the service or 'rules' for to come back for.so boo to you, eagle. i love steak, i love toast - and i so wanted to love you! i first discovered the eagle when i visited the guardian's former offices just down farringdon road. one of the things about gastropubs from an american perspective is you're not really sure of what to expect. i'd heard good things about the eagle but beyond a word-of-mouth recommendation, i wasn't sure what to expect. expect hearty, delicious, well-made food that will warm you up and put a smile on your face. this is now one of my hang-outs when i come to town and though the guardian isn't in the 'hood' anymore; i'll still go out of my way for a friendly pint and a hearty dinner. don't let the mismatched chairs and casual sit-where-you-want vibe scare you off - a better than average dining experience and the birthplace of the modern british gastropub experience. i wish some american pubs would pick up on this simple is better model. sometimes clearly defining what makes a gastropub stand out from your bog standard pub is a challenge, but much like defining what porn is - you just know it when you see it. and this my friends, is the porn version of a pub.a tall divider separates the dining area from the bar, and although i was there during the frenzy of an england football match during the holiest of holy world cup, i still watched the posh delve into everything from lamb liver and mussels to grilled sardines and iman biyeldi, while the common-folk like myself simply got sloshed on spanish reds and pints of real ale at the bar. (hey, football brings us all together right?) i soon realised that we were all drooling not only over the h.u.g.e. sport-filled screen pulled down from the ceiling, but over the food on the other side of the wall as well, so made it a priority to get back and sample a bite of the posh life for myself. while it didn't knock my socks off, i must pay homage to the hallowed and humble beginnings of british porn. i mean gastropubs. this place is alright with me! drinks aren't too expensive, meals are better than okay, and great atmosphere.my large party of eight got very lucky getting a table amidst people who were still enjoying their after work drinks or early dinner. though it was quite crowded our meals were served in a timely manner and everyone in our group had a great time. i was hoping that i would more impressed with the food, though i wouldn't say i was disappointed, being with great company in a comfortable space more than made up for it.	0	0	1	0	1
 so the story here is you can choose between two menus. one is 6 courses long and the other is 10. but before you decide you are generously given a series of canaps. first comes the crispy skin cod w/ smoked cod roe emulsion, carrot tops & gin botanicals then there's radishes filled with kelp butter & malden salt, "storeos" the twist of savoury-sweet oreos, squid ink biscuits sandwiching smoked eel mousse and last but not least a polenta crisp w/ bacon jam, malt soil & carrot. phew! then the time came to choose which menu! the 10 courses for us please!1st course was a warm homemade bread served in a soft leather pouch bag that comes with a lovely "beef dripping".2nd course was an onion, apple old tom. not my favourite dish as it was a little too oniony for my liking.3rd course was scallops, cucumber and dill ash. yum!4th course was my personal favourite: foie gras brle with pear, thyme and ginger bread crisp.5th course was a heritage potato, turnip & coal.6th course was a snow white looking apple, served on ice with billowing smoke appearing from inside and hidden within is beef tartare, apple and perigord truffle. at the bottom there is a mind blowing truffle sauce that makes my heart ache now thinking of how good it was!7th course was cod with english caviar.8th course was beef with grains and watercress sloes.9th course was a little masterpiece simply called almond & dill, which was a scoop of almond ice cream, almond snow and fresh dill snow.10th and final course was an english pear, artichoke and lemon combo. was a bit strange but still worth the try!to top of our meal we were given milk bottles with rhubarb in the bottom..heaven! the end. when your legs don't work like they used to beforeand i can't sweep you off of your feetwill your mouth still remember the taste of my love?will your eyes still smile from your cheeks?i'm glad my legs did work and brought me here after a short walk from london bridge tube.be prepared for tom to sweep you off your feet.you will definitely lick your lips and remember.and you will be beaming all the way home!and, darling, i will be loving you 'til we're 70and, baby, my heart could still fall as hard at 23and i'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious waysmaybe just the touch of tom's handwell, me - i fall in love with you every single dayand i just wanna tell you i amyou will feel like you are 70 after dining for 5 hours non stop!and the sheer number of courses, upwards of 23!falling in love, course after course, under tom's magic culinary spell.so extravagant yet deliciously light enough for you to come back every day, provided finances allow.so honey nowtake me into your loving armskiss me under the light of a thousand starsplace your head on my beating hearti'm thinking out loudmaybe we found love right where we areyou have come to the right place as their staff will do just that!so extremely accommodating to any allergies your party might have and we had.restaurant story gained one michelin star after just five months of opening!and their story keeps getting better and better, especially if you go for the full story at 95.and if you are partial to alcohol, definitely go for the well sourced, clearly explained and cleverly paired option, which they do not limit to just regular wine but also craft beer and interesting vino concoctions.love!when my hair's all but gone and my memory fadesand the crowds don't remember my namewhen my hands don't play the strings the same way (mmm...)i know you will still love me the sametheir story will be told for centuries and generations to come.as they cook their way into history.their menu has evolved since inception and will keep evolving.only certain competent chapters remain but others do not stay the same.'cause honey your soul could never grow old, it's evergreenand, baby, your smile's forever in my mind and memoryi'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious waysmaybe it's all part of a planwell, i'll just keep on making the same mistakeshoping that you'll understandwho doesn't love a good story?especially so when there's so much substance in it.strong cooking techniques complemented by colourful, playful plating with a bombardment of surprises along the way and an intriguing use of rare, seasonally fresh, local produce with a mind blowing creativity to boot.simple yet complex, complex yet easy to understand.that, baby, nowtake me into your loving armskiss me under the light of a thousand starsplace your head on my beating heartthinking out loudmaybe we found love right where we are (oh ohh)if you can get in, like i was so randomly fortunate to, you will be in good hands.the question is not if more stars will fall their way but when.start thinking out loud if that anniversary or special occasion is just around the corner, in august.you need to book now!la la la la la la la la lo-udand after, you will be singing tom's praise, out loud!so, baby, nowtake me into your loving armskiss me under the light of a thousand starsoh, darling, place your head on my beating hearti'm thinking out loudmaybe we found love right where we areoh, baby, we found love right where we areand we found love right where we arethe end. treated for a birthday lunch i still went for the 10 course full story with matching flights of wine. service was friendly and efficient, and top marks to the sommelier for his knowledge and skills in matching wines and beers to very interesting dishes. everything was spot on, yes there's a prep kitchen downstairs but the open kitchen upstairs was just so calm and effective like a well oiled machine. hardly making any noise apart from the shouts of "oui chef" to produce stunning looking meals. everything tasted great, ingredients were top quality, ironically it was the famous beef dripping candle that probably didn't quite reach the heights as the other dishes. ok so it's around 100 for the full story, but you get a lot of food and a lot of good quality food. snacks alone fill up the table before you even start on the bigger plates. a brilliant ocean dish of fresh seafood laid to look like a stunning seabed was one of the courses that followed. but there were other little touches that elevates story above so many other restaurants as well. the tastiest brioche i have ever had served with an instagram-worthy butter with 5 layers of different coloured and flavoured butters. modern, creative and beautiful food served in a friendly and relaxed environment, and it doesn't feel pretentious. the food is what it is and it works, it works because it surprises you, makes you smile and above all tastes so good. i thought this was a very unique and playful take on food. i would highly recommend it for a fun evening out. book well in advance. only thing i would say is that, as with most "deconstructivist/reconstructivist" cuisine, felt like it strayed a bit far from the basics. i love food that is bursting with flavor and that evokes memories/parallels, no matter if its food from a street vendor's cart or a michelin star restaurant. felt like story missed a trick on that front.however, would definitely recommend this place a lot of food with the courses - the only real negative about the food is the beef tallow candle is an attractive and interesting visual presentation but the drippings need a lot of salt to make the dish taste worthy. otherwise, its soupy and blah.the wine steward/drinks gent was terrific in his descriptions (we had the wine pairing). however, the various waiters gave varying descriptions of the dish. some were hard to understand due to their accent and being - for some strange reason - rushed. others were good in explaining the small course. the meal takes three hours so set the time aside.an interesting dinner but i don't think we would return - nothing wowed us and the lackluster descriptions of a course from the floor staff left us saying more than once "huh?" amazing food. worthy of every penny. lots of surprising food concept. perfect for foodie. be prepared to spend at least 2 hrs for short course. i feel like i must had missed something when i was here. i thought there were some great dishes (mostly those in the beginning) but found many of them to be quite blah. the staff raved about how xyz dish would transform how we'd think of mash potatoes, but no one at the table thought it was anything particularly special. this was the case for a few other dishes as well. it was worth the experience, but i'd probably not return given the quality and price point combination. once upon a time, on a not-so-faraway island between three a roads near tower bridge, there used to be a public toilet. one day, along came a great and powerful wizard (tom sellers), who used his powers to turn the loos into a nice, cosy, wood-panelled building with lots of lovely bookshelves, and send foodies all over london into a hyped frenzy until they managed to get a booking here to try his food.it was one of the strangest meals i've ever eaten. and i mean that in a good way. i think. the 4 of us went for the 6-course tasting menu and chose our own wine, though with all the extra bouche amusers they brought out there were definitely no regrets for not going for the 10-courses.my friend and i squealed when the candle arrived in vintage fairytale holder, the girls having already swotted up in advance that this is made of beef dripping to dunk your bread into. the boys looked at us as if we'd lost our minds until we demonstrated for them! the rest of the food then triggered an amazingly varied spectrum of reactions. suspicion (then enjoyment) of the black 'sqoreos' - savoury squid ink biscuits made to look like oreos. gasps of wonder at the prettiness of the razor clams with champagne snow. confusion at why you'd serve crispy cod skin as a dish. wincing at the bitterness of the black dill ash on the scallops and cucumber. approving moans at the smoothness of the mashed heritage potato and turnip. laughter at the rhubarb custard milk bottles and stripey straws at the end.while i can't pick out one dish that was especially satisfying then (and indeed i found the desserts disappointing), it was the creativity and playfulness on the plates that made this a fun experience. the service is also so friendly and welcoming, though some of the accents were a little too stong to understand exactly what was in each course (which only added to the adventure really!).the story theme permeates everything from the menu to the decor, but hey i'm a sucker for a good fairytale. we left a copy of the book thief on the shelves from us to add to their massive collection. at 60 for the 6-course menu it's one for treat night, and you'll need to book well in advance. you won't struggle for conversation here either - expect the food to take up most of it!give it a go with some open-minded eaters - we had a fun evening and all lived happily ever after :) great service, unusual but delicious food and a highly unusual "wine" flight. won't give away any secrets but give this place a try, it's just a little bit different. lunch (tasting menu) took us hours and the place is tiny so you must book ahead. give yourself plenty of time to enjoy the experience. absolutely incredible food. probably one of the best dinners i've ever had in my life. so many unique courses. loved every single one. the service and our sommelier were top notch. worth the price. highly recommended! gather round children and find here a story of an epic meal. i came to south london by way of tube intent on eating at a new spot highly spoken about by the locals. searching for this building was a bit tough, not because of any hidden location mind you, but because there was no sign on this grand wooden building and no clear entrance to the door. worry not, for i found my way in. sitting down, a menu was placed in front of my person. you have the choice of one of two options: a 10 course meal for 65 and a 6 course meal for 45. being that it was time for lunch, we chose the later. before we could order though, a candle was placed down on our table to create ambiance (or so i first thought), and bites began to appear. these showed what culinary wonders were were in store for: crispy cod skin with sauce, eel "oreos" with cream, stuffed radishes, rabbit with tarragon mouse. my goodness, my friends, my goodness. all amazing, but the rabbit shone as bright as that flame flickering from the candle in front of me.and let us, for a moment, talk about the candle. be it made of wax like other candles? nay, friends, it was made of beef fat for dipping bread in! i was as surprised as you are now, but tis true. and thus began our meal with homemade bread and candle dipping. five other dishes followed their way through. burnt onions with gin and thyme sauce that was a bitter treat. soft beetroots with chilled raspberries and frozen horseradish (a stark contrast in flavours and temperatures that i'm not quite sure i cared for). pigeon with truffle and pine. having never eaten pigeon before, i have nothing to compare to with other tastes of this bird, but i think i prefer it's cousin the quail or chicken to this. however, the lemon that came next, a frozen gelatoed concoction of the fruit with white chocolate, was divine. the heavenliest of heaven. and to finish, the three bears porridge, each it's own version of being too salty, too sweet and just right was indeed the just right way to end this meal.i have documented each portion of this meal with photographs and included them here on this page of yelp, if you care to take gander for yourself. the staff was this place was as friendly as any stranger i have met in my travels and the ambiance, well-lit, casual and comfortable with hints of sly style. the menus coming in a book? perfection.overall, a meal for the ages. and now children, you have heard the tale. go on forth with you, i have nothing else to say. "the great thing about wild food is that you don't need a pr agent to make it look good - it just is good." - miles irving, foragerjust a couple of minutes away from tower bridge, dining at restaurant story felt like being in a forester's house.british sparkling wine went well with a set of 6 or 7 amuse bouches (i've honestly lost the count), long way before the first dish from a 10-course tasting menu was served. the story of chef tom sellers has lots of pleasant surprises: bread dipped in a melting candle made from lard, quail tea, foie gras crme brle, dill ice cream. not only a feast for your mouth but eyes as well - mouth-watering dishes, impressive presentation.the staff is really friendly and explain every dish in detail. there are no table linen in here, nor there is a dress code. you are here to enjoy the food and yourself in a small cosy urban oasis.the cooking style reminded me of fera at claridge's, and i have to say restaurant story has won me over simon rogan's creation in london this time (yet to check out l'enclume).prices are not cheap, but you get 200% for what you pay for such an experience! getting a table is not that easy, so book in advance.would visit again? as soon as i digest all the 20 courses from my last visit :0) estonianfoodie.com this is the one of the most memorable meals i have had in a long time. it's interesting, well executed, well priced with our lunch menu priced at 80, but the main thing to note is that it is extremely long. on the website they say the full story can take 3.5-4 hours, and though it isn't clear on how long the lunch menu is, i can tell you that we went well over 3 hours for a group of 5 people. thankfully we had a lovely group of people, but that is far too long sitting for my preference. there were more than 15 plates, counting the several round of snacks, and the most memorable for me was the beef dripping candle, the raw scallops, the heritage mashed potato, and the picnic with androuet cheese and honey mead. portion size was all very well controlled so getting full was not a limiting factor. and it's such good value for the amazing food and excellent service. it's rare to find michelin star fine dining at this price! i don't think i'd do this again but i'd recommend doing the lunch menu and clearing your afternoon. the set lunch would probably be the right length for me, but unfortunately it's only available during the week. located just south of tower bridge, you'll find this unmarked building. i wasn't sure if i was at the right place. i wasn't even sure where the door was. when i finally found some sort of entry way, i asked if i was in the right place. story is a cute little restaurant, very open, very friendly inviting environment. i was seated right away and quickly offered a glass of water. i could tell from the start that the service at story was going to be good.before we even decided which meal option we were going to go with (6 or 10 course), the servers kept bringing us little taster snacks for us... and not just one or two, i want to say it was at least or 6. after the final snack arrived, our server finally asked which option we liked and both mr. alex s. and i opted for the 6-course lunch for 45 pounds.everything came out in a timely manner. everything had spectacular presentation. each dish had its own unique flair. service was great, especially since my glass of water was never left empty. of all the things brought to the table, i particularly enjoyed the rabbit sandwich, lemon, and three bears' porridge. oh yeah, i can't forget to mention the bread that you dip into the candle made out of beef fat... mmmmmm matteo was an excellent host, and we appreciated his explanation of each course and how the chef came up with it. our favorite was the picnic course - the plating and presentation throughout the meal were superb! very enjoyable dining experience, would definitely return for a memorable evening. i tried several times to book a table at this first restaurant of british culinary rising star - tom seller and failed. i finally got a table for a wednesday evening.the food was exceptional. we had the 10-course tasting menu and it was a great treat for my palate. before the 10 courses started, we were presented with 7 bite size pre-courses to wet our appetite. though small, each one of the pre-course was artfully created. my favorites were: blood pudding with apple, razor clam with vinegar ice, and biscuits with fish mousse. the first course was tom seller's signature dish: bread with dripping. "bread with dripping? what is so special about that?" you ask. i had the same question. turned out, it was genius! the candle that had been burning on the table was made from beef fat and now after 10 minutes of burning, there was pool of dripping on the dish below and we were supposed to dip the bread in the beef fat and enjoy. wow, i was speechless. then we had 7 savory dishes ranging from onion and heritage potato to scallops and crab to lamb and foie gras. each dish brought a new surprise and made you want more. among the dishes, i love the scallop which had delicate flavor and the presentation was like a wonderful water color painting. the foie gras was also very special. it was prepared like a crme brle, with foie gras mousse topped with burned sugar. we were also glad that we added another course of beef tartare in apple. we had no idea what to expect and what came to our table was definitely not anybody would expect. it was a whole apple sitting on a pile of ice and when you lift the top, you found delicious beef tartare mixed with apple waiting to be enjoyed. the we had our sweet endings. i love the almond and dill dish. it was really hard to describe this dish except these two ingredients were made into different forms than what we were used to and the two flavors were mixed to create something new and a great tribute to spring. i absolutely love the food, every single bit of it. however, it would have been perfect if the services were better. we had several servers serving our table. one waiter was great, he was passionate about the food and explained the dish well. the others were quite unenthusiastic and omitted a lot of details of the dishes. 10 courses, regardless if it's lunch or dinner. be prepared to enjoy not food, but pieces of art.i was excited to come here, especially since i got into a fully booked out restaurant! i called up, and after numerous rings, a man answered. although wanting to make a reservation, he was intrigued by my accent and briefly interviewed me. "where are you from, why do you live where you do, and why are you visiting" were key questions that were shot at me, in bullet speed! after being caught off-guard and answering when prompt, he said "this is tom, this is my restaurant, and i never answer the phone. but you sound great, let's get you in here."coming in for a late lunch, i thought i would cruise through a 10 course meal and be perfectly full. after all, i am not a fan of mastercard restaurants (small plates, expensive, then leaving hungry). but if this place really lived up to what i've heard, i was looking forward to being full and happy at the end of lunch. their wine list is lively, even including a wine from gramercy winery in washington!although ordering the 10 course lunch, the chef in charge, nathan, must have seen me watching him at work, as he ordered an additional 7 plates for me to try prior to starting my 10 courses. by course 4, i was happy.. the dishes were petite, but perfect getting enough full flavor without being overwhelmed. by course 9, i was getting a little full, thinking this was a great experience. not only is this worth the price you pay, but the quality was amazing! each dish had no more than 6 ingredients, that when dissected, all were simple and not over-prepared. however, when combined to taste the entirety of the dish as a whole, adds a creative and complex course!by course 13, i dropped into a rare state of mind; full! a cold sweat started, as my belly felt overwhelmed! how could this be possible? small plates... sampling bite after bite.. is it true that i cannot handle anymore? i contemplated waving the flag... "i give up" i screamed in my mind! but by then, another dish came out!by dish 15, i informed the waiter that although everything was amazing i regret to tell him i could not go on. but to my surprise, he cheered me on! this man actually said no to me, insisting that i continue my journey, even if it means just taking merely a lick of a lightly-dipped fork. convincing.. a true food.. a passionate server.. okay! bring it on.after a 17 course lunch, 3 hours later on friday afternoon on the 18th day of october, 2013, i had succeeded! i won! haha! what did i win? i won a great dining experience, great food, great creativity, and great staff! so technically i didn't win it, as i still paid for the bill at the end of the meal, but nonetheless, a superb place to come to. note- i didn't eat another meal until the next day, and was still not even hungry at that time! i've had lunch here twice and was really impressed with the food & service both times. we ordered the 3 course lunch (35) with came with generous amuse bouches. the fallow dear cooked 5 ways and the all lemon dessert stood out from the rest in terms of creativity & taste. i'll definitely go back to try their 10 course menu. we were very happy with our visit to restaurant story. all of the courses showed a creativity we hadn't seen since our visit to the fat duck. and the generosity! course after course after course after course. we both had the 10 course menu, but it felt like we had about 25 courses. (the 'amuse bouche' type courses came out one by one.) i am pretty sure we had had 7 courses before we had seen the first official course printed on the menu!the bread and dripping was a highlight for me. the dripping was in the form of a candle which melted while the candle was lit. you just mopped up the dripping with the warm bread which was in a leather bag to the side.the "tale of a quail" was also innovative. not really one course, but three mini-courses: the first was a broth, the second was quail prepared two ways and quail eggs cooked just so and the third was a perfectly cooked piece of quail breast.we included the optional course of raw beef, apple and summer truffle. we were warned that it was a rich dish, so we just had one of them to share between us. this was a wise move considering we had the other 24 courses to get through. the course as presented to us looked bizarre: an apple resting on crushed ice. but you just removed the apple lid to reveal the raw beef and truffle hiding within.there were two dessert courses. my favourite was the almond and dill. the instructions were simple: everything green is dill; everything white is almond. it was an unexpected but inspired combination of tastes which worked well.the service was knowledgeable and polished without being pretentious. we had quite a few different people delivering the dishes and explaining what they were. everyone worked well as a team and ensured the evening was a treat for us. the bill was in the 200s which felt like excellent value for dinner at this michelin starred restaurant. the restaurant blends so well with its surroundings, i had to walk around a few times to find the main door. (hint, it's right next to the huge windows)we opted for the 10 course menu for 65 over the 6 course for 45. psh do i look weak-hearted to you?the waiter came over with several amuse bouches. the snacks kept coming: fried fish skin crackers, fresh edible flowers, radish stuffed with cream, pods containing pea and truffle, "storyeos" biscuits sandwiching eel cream, rabbit pastries with beautifully aligned beets on top.then came the main menu.1. bread and drippings. candle made of beef drippings, we dipped our seeded bread into its congealed residue. goodbye arteries.2. burnt onion, apple, gin and thyme. lovely dish containing burnt and crispy onions placed over an onion confit.3. scallops, cucumber and dill ash. fresh and perfectly combined ingredients.4. mackerel, mermaid's hair and strawberry. this was my favorite dish. the mackerel was tenderly cooked and the strawberries were slightly jellied.5. heritage potato, asparagus and barley grass. beautifully spiraled potatoes served with delicious sauce.6. beetroot, raspberry and horseradish. definitely my second favorite dish. the cheese was served chilled and went wonderfully with the raspberry sauce.7. pidgeon. the greens were done very well, and served with a sprinkling of edible flowers.8. lemon. palate cleanser made with lemon curd, lemon sauce, lemon sugar crisp, lemon ice. the waiter gave us this dish with a shrug, "if you don't like lemon..."9. prune tea, lovage and milk. my bf and i raised our eyebrows at lovage. it's an herb, not a cuddling technique. this was served as curd type custard over a prune. loved this.10. three bears' porridge. presented with a picture of three bears carrying bowls labled "too sweet", "too salty", "just right", the tiny bowls of porridge were all combined with interesting toppings.after the meal, we were both contently full, the 10 courses was indeed just right, and we went home feeling we were taken on an adventurous ride through the menu with amazing service alongside. will most certainly come back. wow. what an epic and innovative dining experience. i was really impressed by restaurant story. i went for lunch the other weekend with 3 friends. as it was lunch we ordered the 6 course tasting menu (for 45). the other option was 10 courses for 65. while that sounds expensive, for a 6 course fine dining meal it is rather reasonable.to start we had a series of creative amuse-bouches. 4 pre-courses to be precise. each was a mini work of art from these "oreo cookies" which were squid ink biscuits with eel cream, rabbit "fingers," radishes stuffed with goodness, and edible flowers. it was an impressive start to the decadent meal.next up was the actually tasting menu which started with a candle and bread. turns out that candle on our table that was lit earlier was not made of wax but was made of beef drippings! it was accompanied by some warm bread. never before had i dripped bread into a candle, to start a meal...how different!after the unique candle eating experience we moved onto "burnt onion, apple, gin and thyme" which was really a series of onions cooked multiple ways. it was tasty but just onions and probably my least favourite course. the next dish was "heritage potato, asparagus and barley grass" which was an artisan take on pureed potatoes with a perfectly cooked and displayed piece of asparagus. for the meat course, we had "pigeon, summer truffle and pine." i know pigeon surfaces memories of horribly flithy urban birds, but this dish had one of that...it too was well prepared and tasted more like roast goose. after the pigeon, we had the "lemon" course which was lemon sorbet, lemon cream, and crushed lemon biscuits...a refreshing and rather lemony break before the actual dessert. for dessert we had almond and dill which was almond ice cream with a dill like crumble. as i unfortunately can't do much dairy, my almond ice-cream was replaced by a rather elegant sorbet. dessert was followed by a few surprise dishes including a chocolate twirl and some small chocolate covered marshmallows candies. service was impeccable, with 2 wait staff serving us for 4 people, the level was on par with what i've experienced at michelin 2 & 3 starred restaurants. the space itself which overlooks an open kitchen is also interesting albeit tiny. apparently restaurant story was a former public toliet, hence the unusual side-walk location. however kudos to the designers who did an amazing job turning this diminutive space that holds just a dozen tables into a light and wood-filled dining mecca. great spot, highly recommended. booking is hard---expect to book a month in advance. my god what an experience. i was looking for a gastronomy influenced restaurant for my weekend in london and searched for something similar to fat duck and came across restaurant story. boy am i glad i did. we got the full story and with all the little amuse bouche dishes came out to something like 24 individual dishes. the coolest was the beef candle that melts into a pool for bread dipping. i was half expecting to need to eat at mcdonald's after, as other fine dining experiences had left me hungry, but this was a marathon eating experience and towards the end i wasn't sure i wanted them to bring out more delicious food because i was so stuffed. i can see why they have a michelin star. the ambiance is casual but still very nice. i wish i could go back already! delicious food only surpassed by its service. the staff are so knowledgable and down to earth, made for a great casual atmosphere. some in my group would give me the evil eye for leaving off a star, but there was one dish i had to force myself to eat (but that's because i don't like coffee flavoured things so that is just my own fault) and there were two other dishes in our full story that i ate to eat and didn't wow me. then again, i am a bit common so be your own judge! overall though, i would definitely recommend and don't be put off by my rating. the value is incredible and you are not far from bump across the road if you fancy gin / cocktails. the experience was lovely and a vast majority of the dishes were wow yum!! an awesome meal as well as experience. we went with the 6 course meal but ultimately had 16! don't plan to rush...we were there for close to 3 hours! it is a little pricy but absolutely worth it. the restaurant was opened just 5 months ago and offers two menus, 6-course or 10-course. i ordered 6-course, but it came with additional 6 snacks and 1 dessert. so it was 6 snacks + 6 courses + 1 dessert. the taste was amazing and creative. highly recommended!!!! the menu was wrapped by an very old version of charles dickens's oliver twist. waiters and chef were 101% nice and friendly. they would explain every dish to you and answer your questions. it is close to london bridge tube station and 5 minutes walking from the tower bridge. happy food travel! simple premise. create a 7 course meal that flows from one course to next and pretend its a story. for me its as good as heston's fat duck without going into the middle of nowhere and at a fraction of the price. service is crisp. food is imaginative and a times quite creative. mandatory dry ice was of curse included. great experience. an absolutely unforgettable experience. everything was fantastic from the building with it's leather bound hand rails, the colour matched books on the shelves and especially the food. after sitting down plate after plate of snacks were brought with an explanation of what each one was and the main meal was something else. it's not for me to spoil the surprise but this is definitely a story with a very happy ending! booked a lunch reservation for my boyfriend's bday. got there around 1 and left close to 5! i compared this meal a lot to my noma meal that i booked last year for my boyfriend's bday as both chefs had worked together. (lucky this time around we didn't have to rush off to the airport compared to last year. ) i loved this meal and all the extra courses, i can't stop thinking about the quadruple layer butter (foe grais, pistachio, truffle, etc) with brioche! the presentation was excellent and each course the right size for the delicate flavours and textures. we also did the wine pairings and was pleasantly pleased with the variety of it (stout, clemencello, a mix of red and white wine). in my opinion i would say this was a better meal that my noma experience and good value for it too! i would definitely come back here for a special occasion or recommend it for my food aficionado friends! 1. creative - first course: bread and dripping..... the dripping was in solid form as a candle, and we were meant to dip the bread in the melted "wax"!2.  delicious - tom sellers' history and influences are definitely reflected in the story menu. the ingredients on the menu are all derived from this tiny island, but the way they are put together is undoubtedly scandinavian - simple and clean, with a goal to preserve the raw flavours of each ingredient. each dish has no more than 3 dominant flavours, and the heaviest dish is probably the bread and dripping. examples: beetroot, raspberry and horseradish. prune tea, lovage and milk. 3. unpretentious - the whole staff serves you your food, even tom sellers. atmosphere is casual; you could wear jeans and a t-shirt and not stand out. the space used to be a public toilet! the restaurant's interior decoration is also heavily influenced by scandinavian design.4. good value - 45 pounds for 6 courses, 65 pounds for 10 courses. double the prices if you want wine pairings. come here before the restaurant gets a michelin star and the prices get jacked up!!!! i went to restaurant story a over a year ago and was very surprised about all the hype. the best way i can think of to describe it is that the menu feels like a rsum. instead of a cohesive, delicious, thoughtful experience with a soul (like you will find at nuno mendes' old viajante or vienna's steirereck), it seemed like a tick-list of complex techniques, with little heart. i found the beef dripping candle amusing, but the dripping itself was waxy and cold, coating your mouth and very bland. our foie gras dish came garnished with a long, wiry hair (hopefully from a beard...yikes). it was taken away and not replaced. my main course was woefully chewy and undercooked. i mentioned this and it was whisked away, no questions asked, no substitution offered. i hope they've improved over time, but this is one place where pedigree is given a disproportionate amount of premature attention and praise.	0	0	1	0	0
 family owned fine dining pub. comfortable for a casual pint or glass of wine. however the real value comes from a top selection of meals. the yelp category of 'american' doesn't seem correct. recommend ordering the steak frites. great spot. cool decor, especially sitting in one of the armchairs in the bar before dinner. then has a diner feel aesthetic inside. good, if limited, menu. and fun spot, away from the bustle of high street ken my family went for dinner based on the high yelp rating. we where not disappointed. the food was fabulous. i highly recommend the crab and squid ink tortellini with the saffron sauce. everything was delicious. sam our waiter was outstanding. would recommend to anyone local or visiting. wow! fantastic wine and fantastic atmosphere! we tried a malbec from argentina that was maybe the best malbec i have had. kudos to their sommelier! we also had a lovely muscatel from spain accompanied by delicious olives. i didn't mean to spend so long here, but it was such an intoxicating environment. the italian bartender is also completely charming. i highly recommend the abingdon for an indulgent night out. dropped in for a drink and dessert having been around the corner at a less pleasant venue for dinner. wish we'd found this place first! wine was great, cocktail proper, dessert divine. ambience and staff excellent this is a cool find in kensington. a group of us came here right before they closed for the afternoon and they let us order food anyway. the burger was really good, although the risotto was too heavy. the servers were really nice and we really appreciated that they let us order even though the kitchen was about to close. it's hard for a place to be considered a gastropub without seeming pretentious but this one pulls it off.  don't get me wrong, the drinks and food qualifies for "gastropub status" but the friendly staff, lively music and simple decor stamp out any potential for pretentiousocity, if you will allow me to coin a word. check it out and make sure you try a cocktail. they put some effort into it! excellent. pork chop and the sticky toffee pudding were the best. the meal was an event, prefer to move through it a bit quicker yet food quality and location were great. would rate this as among the best gastropubs in london. have spent many a fun evening with friends there over the summers. highly recommend this. this was a pleasant find for me while visiting the kensington area on business. i waked by on the way back to my hotel and stopped for a night cap. pleasantly i found an upper scale neighborhood bar with friendly staff and patrons. the bar tenders make good cocktails and the wine list is extensive. i went back two nights in a row and decided to come back for a dinner the third night. the menu items offer a wide selection without being overwhelming. and they're adventurous without being non-sensical. every single member of the waitstaff was attentive and knowledgable about the menu. if you're looking for dinner, make sure you have a reservation. enjoyed dinner twice at the abingdon during my time in london. incredible service, delicious food, and great atmosphere! get the duck spring rolls! i went to the abingdon for lunch next week, the staff were firm but fair much like a turkish prison guard minding a crche. i literally cast my eye around the room scanning for an ideal spot, before i knew it i was positioned comfortably on a 4.5 thousand thread count artisan bean bag. a gift from the early 1900s intended to improve anglo, prussian relations. i was approached by a handsome waiter draped in his aluminium uniform dungarees, the man had a look of a post orgasm nigel mansell mending his sons bicycle. i perused the menu which was carved into the table alongside the graffiti 'kerry smokes blokes for drum baccy' and 'i got a nosh under this table'. i was told what i want and our nigel lookalike flew off to ring my order through... one of the best meals i've ever had! if i could grant ten yelp stars then i would! the abingdon is now one of my favourite restaurants. i was visiting london recently and i booked a table here based on great yelp reviews when meeting a friend in the area. i loved everything about this place.the staff were friendly, polite and fun! offered some great recommendations on menu options too. we started with the scallops and wow, they were delicious. i got the steak pave as my main course with a side of chips and broccoli. it's big enough to share. it was cooked to perfection and was so tasty!! one of the best steaks i've ever had. we finished with ice cream and again it was delicious. if i lived in london i would be here all of the time! the abingdon is by far the best choice for a wonderful dining experience. hmmmm a pretty place for sunday roast and one of the better foods i had in london. located in a posh neighbourhood of chelsea, my husband and i decided to try it out since it is in between our location and his visiting friend. it is easily noticeable that the clients are mostly the upscale members of the society who feels the need to drag along their pet inside the restaurant. one great thing about this place is that their price range is surprisingly within the average range considering where it is located. the 2 course meal we had was 18 per person although they have service charge of 12.5 % is added in your bill in the end. all is well though because i was satisfied with the food here. finally, i noticed that they have a wide selection of wine to pair with your meal. my verdict: thumbs up. a tiny gastropub a few streets back from hsk (all the best stuff is).sit at the bar if you're going for a pre-dinner drink, book a table for a great dinner.nails an up-scale but intimate vibe that i love. my favourite for an early saturday, pre-cinema stop. what a great little gastropub just off kensington high street and close to the high street kensington tube station.from the outside, it looks like a neighborhood pub, not a restaurant. once inside, though, the place has a cozy, upscale look and feel. both the bar and the dining room were buzzing with activity.we started off with drinks at the bar, which were quickly served by the friendly bar staff. once at the table, we had all of our questions about the menu and wine list cheerfully answered. we grabbed glasses of malbec, and scotch fillets. the steaks were very good and the service was fantastic. from start to finish, the food, the wine and the service were fantastic. this is a great dining option if you want to get away from the high street mayhem. went for lunch. quiet atmosphere, solidly good food. bit pricey with a mandatory 12.5% service fee. friendly staff though, and comfy seating. excellent gastro-pub. the food is great big portions, nicely cooked meat and fresh salads await me there every time. i also like how i am being treated with respect and friendly attitude.i could dine here every night if it weren't so far away from me. yesterdaymy bf bring me here and it was quite good. we had a few drinks at thebar and then we sat on our table. i had an organic salmon and it wasdelicious! the quality and taste was far more than the price of19.50. the service was almost perfect. the wine was also very good (i do not understand much of wines, but my boyfriend do). so we had anice romantic dinner in kensington. we will go at the abingdon backsoon. this was the best meal i ate while in london for 10 days. my friend and i pretty much stumbled on it while looking for a bar, and discovered that is was actually a lovely restaurant. we decided to sit down for dinner, and it was so elegant, with the delicious food. i had risotto - it was done right.this place a total gem, i love it! what's the fuss about? i'm not even sure i should review this place but i will. i've wanted to try here for two nights and both nights came too early for dinner. well tonight i came back shortly after 6:30 which is when it was posted they we're serving dinner. first i sat in the bar area but after the bartender said there was a different menu for the restaurant i said i'd sit over there.  i did. it was empty but a woman was doing something at a counter - folding napkins or one of those type things. i was reasonably sure she saw me but she never said a word....then another woman came up to her and they chatted. again , i was invisible.  a third person - think right said fred but probably lacking the talent - walked by...not a word.  the crowning moment of this grand neighborhood pub experience was when woman #1 brought a lit candle to my table and said nothing!!!i even waited another few minutes before leaving.  i'm sorry that i was troubling the clearly overworked waitstaff with such things as wanting a menu or wanting to be acknowledged as existing but give me a break. according to the sign you were open for dinner. if you were running late on being prepared a few words would have gone a long way, but i guess the six people in the bar drinking various shades of wine must allow you to pay the rent, which is good because you won't have my under-valued dollar to help you out. so, abingdon, you lose. you get nothing! you didn't even bother to steal fizzy lifting drinks. wow, i cannot believe i haven't reviewed the abingdon. luckily it's right across the street from my mums place so it's nice to be able to get a wee bit tipsy and just walk home - yay. but this place is fantastic! the food, the service, atmosphere are superb.try this place you will not be disappointed....... love it here! really friendly staff, fast service, and delicious food. i went here two night's in a row this week - on thursday and friday night. thursday night i had the foie gras terrine and another starter that was on the special's menu that involved truffle, sausage and spinach - both were fantastic. we split a bottle of house red with it and it was also good. the portions are perfectly sized, but being girls my friend and i enjoy just getting two starters for a good two course meal. friday night i had the scallops starter which was fabulous, and comes topped with bacon with a wedge of lime, followed by the cod which was cooked to perfection. the white wine i had with it was good, too. i sampled some of my friends risotto she had as a starter which was great too, and the whole table shared a perfectly cooked side of broccoli. everyone split the creme brulee which looked beautiful and tasted great, too. gorgeous interior, lovely atmosphere, i'll definitely be back. i decided to stop here my first night in london since it was close to my hotel. i'm glad i did -- as it destroyed the negative stereotypes i had heard about british food and service. the bartenders (alba & ian) were simply fantastic and welcoming, and you could tell that most of the people in the pub were repeat customers and locals. i order from the bar menu, and thought the food was fantastic. but most importantly, i felt like my servers cared and actually wanted to get to know me. great service and really good food. i have the sea bass that was encrusted with pumpkin seeds and my friend had the salmon. side of fried and roasted broccoli. i think their glasses of wine are on the small side, so that was disappointing... this is a quality local pub. the building is really nice from the outside and on the inside it's cosy, comfortably busy, relaxed and elegant. it's down a nice quiet street and set back a little bit from the road so it has plenty of tables outside for smokers. there's a central drinking area with a dining area surrounding it. it's separated enough though to keep a more buzzing atmosphere over drinks.i had this amazing risotto here once. i don't think it's on the menu anymore but it was beautiful; roasted pumpkin, perfectly garlicky, shavings of parmesan, the right amount of oil. i think i keep going back just to see if they've decided to bring it back. having said that, the rest of the food on the menu is up there, really nice gastropub fare and the fettucini is really very, very good. nothing comes cheap round here but it's the sort of place i would take my parents to and i know we'd all have a nice time. pretty good food. it's definitely a restaurant i will go back to. the only negative was the dessert. i ordered cheesecake, my fault! i mean, i'm used to ny cheesecake. who orders cheesecake in london? ha! so, i take the blame for this. next time, i'll order something different! the wait staff was very charming and playful! i like that! this restaurant and bar may look like an ordinary pub from the outside. but it's a far smarter and spacious affair inside. the abingdon is equally suited to blow-the-budget special occasion meals, girly get-togethers, quick coffee catch-ups, and lingering encounters over fine wines. there are four reasons why this is also my favourite local brunch haunt: 1. seriously comfortable and varied seating and dining options - including sofas, more formal tables and chairs and cosy hangover-friendly booths, in a stylish setting. 2. really friendly service. 3. the best eggs benedict in town 4. the best beetroot soup in town a place you will always go back to. great atmosphere, great food and very friendly service. if you are not convinced about gastro-pubs, the abingdon will change your mind. it has been one of the best restaurants in the area for over 15 years. booking is advisable. i was treated to dinner here on saturday night, and my word, it was every bit a treat. charming staff, great food - the cod fillet was pure white and flaked to my fork, and a very nice wine list. the fact the abingdon was heaving yet the staff remained calm, professional, yet immensely warm throughout the evening says a lot. i got the feeling many customers return again and again as a large proportion were treated as valued friends. what topped it for me though was the very cute dog lying at the feet of one of the bar customers. there aren't many london bars these days where you can take your pet for a drink. nice one abingdon!	0	1	1	0	1
 i love this restaurant very much! this is one of my top places i go to in london. the food here is absolutely amazing and really do enjoy it with family! london is not exactly known for having great japanese food (sushi especially), but zuma really defies that idea. the atmosphere is sleek and stylish, with an open kitchen and contemporary decor. the employees cater to you as soon as you enter, with the welcoming hostesses quickly checking our many shopping bags. the great service only escalated as our waiter led us through the menu. we absolutely loved our meal! each dish was innovative and delicious, with such unique flavors. the fish was so fresh and we found ourselves wondering how anyone could possibly think that london lacks a quality food scene. one of our personal favorite parts of the meal was the tempura popcorn- you've never had anything like it! our experience at zuma was truly memorable, and made for a wonderful first dinner in london. we tried our luck and came in without a reservation, we didn't book in advance but you know how it's,it's all about contacts, it's annoying but that's how it works be with the right people and you will get a table anywhere!as usual service was great, delicious food, best restaurant in london!black cod, yellow tail the stars of the night, softshellcrab roll superb , great cocktails, zuma always leaves you with that je ne sais quoi, always leaves you wanting more i'm coming back soon very soon ha :) fun, expensive. fresh and well executed fish, pricey. loud, boisterous, casual, and quality but high prices! a snack for two can set you back almost $200. but nice location. strictly on food, our favourite meal of the trip. stunning surroundings, too. it's tucked away behind a hotel. we enjoyed everything that we had but that didn't stop us from looking longingly at the plates moving passed us. seating options include the cocktail bar, the grill bar and tables. reservations are a must. this place has nothing to do with the zuma in miami,usa. not to mention has nothing on it that even compares to my miami zuma. it's going to be so loud that you'll struggle hearing people at your table. it's going to be so busy that you're going to fight to walk to the restroom and you probably won't get seated on any weekday without a reservation. the portions are not going to be big. and you're going to payout the %^& not cheap and i was not impressed to say the least!however the spicy lobster, wagyu beef and the lamb chops. probably the best prawn tempura sushi roll i've ever had. anything from the robata grill is cooked perfectly and simply flavorful. escape a bit from the massive crowds and book a private room in the back, which is slightly separated with perforated wooden blocks. but you'll have to take your shoes off before you sit... the food is really good but the crowds just make for a terrible environment and i wont be back they jamn in twice there capacity its so noisey and crowed i did not like this evening at all and i wont be back. yes they have great food but way,way to many people for my liking just wrecked my dinner. finally came here after a university friend had recommended this restaurant to me about 2 years ago. as i just found out zuma is a sister restaurant of roka, which is also really good - it is no surprise that they have quite high standards. as much as i love the food here i have to admit that the taste of tuna has changed over the years.. this might be an environmental problem but the fatty tuna here just does not taste like the one i have had in japan. either way, it was a very pleasant experience as i popped in during the holiday season without a reservation and still was able to get seated rightaway. i had the seared beef which i could highly recommend and the yellow tail sashimi which also was a delight! the lobster as a main, what else could a person ask for, the most satisfying low carb meal i have had in a very long time - happy new year folks! everyone about zuma is 5 stars. food is incredible. all of it. recipes you never thought would be great (spinach and peanut butter) are amazing. staff, service, location and atmosphere are just 5 stars. amazing. well for starters, this place has absolutely amazing food, an upbeat ambiance of total excitement, lots of patrons having a great time either dining, lounging at and around the bar area or waiting for a table, and an insane number of employees all working feverishly hard to keep everyone happy. the patron mix is varied, younger, older, european, arab, visitors and locals alike all seem to love zuma.   we've now been 4 nights in a row (without reservations) on our 5 night visit to london from honolulu. got seated twice without a wait, but you'll want to make reservations. we ordered different dishes each night to see if it were just a few that were amazing. all 15 dishes we tried had flavors that definitely rival the greatest restaurants around the world. you will not be disappointed. sushi rivals nobu & morimoto even though the sushi portions seemed slightly smaller. the fire grilled meat & seafood (robata) are done perfectly every time.    if it's just two of you get a pair of the 15 seats that surround the grill and watch the cooks in action. you will be very impressed by the level of detail that goes into each dish. the menu is extensive, each dish is a unique creation of well paired flavors. it was impressive watching the head chef check the temperature of each grilled entree and inspect every dish before releasing it. by far one of the best restaurants in london. i rarely give 5-star reviews. if there were 6 to give on yelp, i'd give them that. it's that good.we last sunday night, & although we had tried to book a few weeks ago it was already full. i understand why now. the hostess was lovely & accommodating, & offered to try to seat us at the sushi counter 45 mins later, & would come find us at the bar. that 'can do' & friendly attention to service permeated our evening: the bartenders were attentive, friendly, and so efficient that the replaced half-empty bowl of edamame was like a sleight of hand. and the bar was packed!while waiting to be seated, i was perusing the insanely good collection of wines in their glass wall case, & as i was about to take a picture of some very rare petrus, one of the staff came rushing up saying "no, no sir!", & then with a smile, opened the case & said "you'll get a much better picture up close!". nice!five minutes later (after about 20 waiting), the hostess found us and sat us. the sommelier came over to talk to us (a charming young american with an excellent pairing knowledge), and helped us make a great choice (sadly, not the petrus). then, the food. i can literally blather on for hours with food porn descriptions, so let me just say: if you just stick with the specialities (although its all unbelievable), you cannot go wrong. get it all.zuma was a terrific experience! if you love great food & wine & want to be wowed by some, while being treated like royalty..go to zuma. zuma is giving a good and reliable experience, prices are reasonable compared to other first class venues. we enjoyed the giant shrimp, the lamb and stakes, sushi and sashimi might be better.ambiance is great but the service is not in the same level as the food and ambiance reception is not paying attention, waitress forgo to bring dishes and drinks ( apologized but no compensation. )in sum good but not excellent fantastic. it is hard to get a better restaurant than zuma. everything from start to finish was top notch, esp the service and the food. it certainly is an expensive dinner but worth it. the bar is also nice to have a few drinks at. the food is delicious and so is the service, but there is something missing, i don't really know what. maybe a cozier atmosphere. good food. good drinks. but if you prefer vegetarian options, skip this place. the dubai zuma has way better options. i'm japanese, so maybe my opinion is too hard. this restaurant is same like friday everyday.foods are good and atmosphere are good , however never better than like a restaurant wagamama, or normal franchises restaurant.but if you want to eat japanese dishes in huge cafeteria, here is the best place ! simple enough: just a social place. you pay great price but get just above average food in return. not worth it, if u want have good japanese food, don't go here. i spent 90 on 3 crapy dishes (lobster miso soup, wagyu beef dumpling, fried squid) and 1 dessert(flourless chocolate cake with pear and ice cream). the sashimi was the only thing actually taste ok here. also, the service is not good at all (especially those girls at the entrance, do they know how to smile and welcome guest?) was super excited to try out this place on my visit to london. however, i was a bit disappointed when i got there. we were seated towards the very back facing a wall with an emergency exit. we asked if we can switch tables since there were 3 available tables in the front of the restaurant. our waitress told us she would call the supervisor, but that never happened. she came back to us less than a minute later telling us that the tables have been taken up already, when clearly they were not. we did not get to enjoy the atmosphere of the place at all.. also another thing that threw me off was that our waitress was speaking over our open bottle of water that we had ordered. she had stopped at another table before approaching ours and began speaking into the bottle as the cap was in her other hand. i honestly expected more from this place. one of the best japanese restaurants in london by far. staff is amazing, food to die for, menu is innovative and classy, good wine list, good cocktails, great atmosphere. for a sushi lover like me, i expect extremely good sushi if i know they're known for their sushi. the sushi at zuma is good although my favourite at this place is their amazing popcorn! don't know they prepare it, but i haven't tasted anything similar before! it's perfect as a little appetiser snack! this was my second visit to the acclaimed japanese restaurant in knightsbridge. there is a lot of energy to absorb, whether sitting at the tables or at the sushi bar, watching the art and science of the chefs, or being warmed by the robata. grill. i was by myself and was lucky enough to get a seat without to much of a wait, maybe because it was a sunday eveningof course you would expect excellent sushi and sashimi and you will not be disappointed.it is fresh and delicious as it is beautful to look at. i had the seared black cod wrapped in a leaf for my main and it was melt in your mouth wonderful. this is one place were you can really just take one slow bite at a time to savor the flavor. the other interesting thing here is the vast selections of sake, served warm or cold. the sake sommelier will help you match the right sake to your meal.finally, i will warn you this place in not inexpensive. while the atmosphere is casual and the dress is informal (but well heeled), the meal will soon add up. also note that this is a favorite for athletes and celebrities, on my first visit the paparazzi were camped out front waiting for some footballers to leave.tripadvisor.co.uk/showus brilliant japanese cuisine with a great atmosphere and a fun bar with little need for reservation. alternatively you can book to a private room where you get the amazing food complemented by a secluded room ideal for the family or a celebration of some sort.expensive food as to be expected in knightsbridge area but the cost is met with brilliant tasting food. so yummy! the lobster sashimi was amazing! atmosphere was really nice as well as some excellent service. will recommend to everyone! amazing asian food. drinks are amazing, great vegetarian hot dishes and sushi. also, a very fun place. wow! this place is hip and positively up beat! we got there at 10p on. monday and the place is packed. definitely make a reservation. we got in nevertheless but it was nail biting. we had the the skewers, some sashimi, some sea bass, seaweed salad, and off the menu dessert. all fantabulous! great service from ronan. overall a+. we will definitely be back when we are in london. our receptionist was accommodating ... i wanna give her a drink :-) this review is for the sushi and service at zuma. from reading other reviews, it's clear i should have ordered from the robata grill. though, the service still leaves an incredible amount to be desired, considering the price point.let's start with the sushi. at best, it's "not bad." typically, the sushi rice should be about room temperature to warm -- mine was cold, as if it had been in the fridge. the fish should be chilled to cool, but mine was room temperature, as if it had been taken in and out of a cold area too many times in the evening that it was no longer cool or firm. the botan ebi was mushy. the toro was not marbled at all, and i'm confident at most places, they would simply call it tuna. the sake (salmon) was ribbed and stringy. i also ordered soft shell crab. it was good. honestly, probably the best part of the meal, but the bar here is low. if you've had one fried softshell crab with a wasabi mayo, you've had them all. they did not mess this up, and it was good. now let's switch to the service -- three complaints -- 1) the sushi bar was not full, is claimed to be first-come, first-serve, but they refused to seat me without making me wait for 30 minutes. when they did seat me, they put us in two seats that had been empty the entire time i was at the cocktail bar. i have no idea who they were saving them for since again, it's first-come, first-serve at the sushi bar. 2) the waitress was very nice and took my order promptly, and the food came promptly, but it took multiple requests and a lot of waiting to get a bottle of still water. we were mostly through our softshell crab by the time a bottle of water finally arrived. i stopped short of going up to the cocktail bar to order my own.3) at the end, the waitress brought the check, and had tacked on a ton of food and drinks i didn't order. it was our check, but like it had been merged with someone else's. when i pointed this out, she basically made me review my own check again, instead of realizing i hadn't ordered half the things on the bill.in the end, go to nobu if you want sushi. it's cheaper and the service and quality are substantially better, across repeat visits. i should come back and try the robata grill. for the price (which is very expensive) and reputation of this place, none of the above should have happened or been tolerated. one star. it is not easy to get a reservation (by telephone only), so, don't give up. also, i found it a little hard to find at first, located nearby harrods, tucked away in a mostly residential city block. this is another brilliant restaurant space designed by japanese interior designer, takashi sugimoto (a.k.a., 'super potato'). brilliant gastronomy, service, and design equals zen, and then some at zuma. without question, my favourite japanese restaurant in london. the food was very good; the wait staff was excellent. the restaurant manager made the whole experience disappointing and overall 1 star - perhaps even 0 stars. to sum up the horrible experience - my wife and i stopped in about 6:45 pm on tuesday with no reservation. the receptionist indicated that they could seat us, but they needed the table back at 8:30 pm. we indicated no problem.we told the waiter that we had a time limit, he assured us there would be no problem. this was our first time at zuma, and he wanted to make sure we enjoyed the meal and the service. he also indicated we would have time for dessert. this was all true. we finished our meal by 8:00 pm and finished dessert well before 8:30 pm. we asked for the bill, but then waited. after about 20 minutes, one of the restaurant managers came to our table and indicated that their 8:30 reservation had arrived - politely expediting us. what it did was infuriate us. why didn't she coordinate with the wait staff? we had asked for our bill but were waiting for it.after paying for the meal, i requested to speak with the restaurant manager. first the reception manager, agnes moravecz apologized. she indicated that it was all a mistake. she offered her business card and told us she would help us with any reservations in the future. she handled it well. i asked to speak with the restaurant manager. the woman who expedited us came by and told us she was one of the managers. she didn't offer her name or business card. she didn't really listen to our complaint nor did she seem to care at all. i told her that she really put us off and she seemed to become quite defensive and literally pushed us out the door.we will not be visiting this place again. further, we will spread the word about what rotten management they have.if you are looking for excellent japanese food nearby, try kurobuta or nobu. somebody needs to say it, this sushi is way too expensive!!! the place is clean and beautiful, however the food is not that great compared to the price. every time we attend zuma, it's an amazing experience. we love the sesame and pepper steak, the sushi- you cannot go wrong, and the watermelon martini is the best in london. make your reservation early, it's almost impossible to get a table without one. the ambiance is noisy on a weekend so when you make reservations for a romantic date, ask to be away from the and chefs area. zuma is somewhat hidden, but it's reputation clearly makes up for it's out of the way location. the place was packed at 6pm!i like the atmosphere and the food is delicious and aesthetically pleasing. i ordered the asian cooler cocktail, by recommendation of the bartender, l and absolutely loved it. my only issue was my order of sweet potatoes. they were undercooked and didn't have much teriyaki sauce at all. but i tired my friend's beef and it was to die for so maybe one of the chefs was just having an off day in the kitchen.i would recommend zuma to anyone looking for delicious food in knightsbridge.	0	0	1	0	0
 naru is a small and simple restaurant serving up some homey and classic korean dishes.my friend and i made a reservation for a friday night at 6:30pm. by 7pm, the restaurant was packed. the menu has a great selection of appetizers, meats, soups, rice and noodles etc., which all feature some homey and familiar korean dishes.my friend and i got the japchae, teokbokki, seafood pancake and the bibimbab. the seafood pancake was pretty big. there were three portions and i liked that it was hot and crispy on the edges when it was brought to our table. the bibimbab was pretty flavorful but i wished there was more beef in it. the teokbokki was delicious! it's perfectly spiced and tasted like it was homemade. i loved the cabbage that went with this dish too because it had soaked up all the flavors from the sauce. the japchae was probably my favorite out of everything. it was so delicious with some earthy flavors, colorful vegetables and shredded egg whites on top. the noodles had a new chew to it too!for beverages, my friend and i both got some asahi. you can't go wrong with beer and korean food! the total bill came out to be ~50 for everything, which is definitely more pricey than what i'm used to. i wouldn't say the portions were particularly large either. overall, naru isn't the cheapest place for korean food but it's a great place for some tasty, homey and well prepared korean food. i'll be back! busy restaurant on a friday night. simple well prepared food. no banchan was served unlike most korean restaurants we patronize in the us.i had the bulgogi with spicy pork. we prepared and delicious. i tried each ingredient individually at first - each ingredient had good flavor. combined they were great.service was fast. it's a quiet little korean restaurant that seems to be empty most nights. i've never been here for lunch, and mostly end up here for dinner or a late night supper after a few drinks at the bar. they serve ala cart menus but you should go for the bbq. the meat is very fresh and they also have someone to cook them in front of you. here's what we ordered:1) pork belly 2) marinated beef bulgogi 3) kimchi jjiggae (comes with a bowl of rice) 4) kimchi pancake 5) 2 bowls of rice6) 1 hite beertotal bill came up to: 62.80 for 3pax, i wouldn't say it's the cheapest place to indulge in korean food but it's definitely a good place to come and enjoy a decent quiet meal. greatly enjoyed the budae-jiggae, kimchi dumpling soup, and samgyeopsal here! the owner was so kind and really got to enjoy our time here! the food is fresh, though lacks some flavour. portions are on the small size for the price. dishes were served very quickly. on the night we visited there was a large birthday group that took up half the restaurant and were extremely rowdy and disruptive which prevented us to leisurely enjoy the food. the acoustics are just not conducive to loud noise. waiter forgot our water and to be reminded. we stayed in london for 3 nights, and we spent 2 dinners at this place 'cause it's so yummy!we had following dishes with family of four (2 adults and 2 teens). all very good!#26 bulgogi ... slices of beef was soft and very tasty with sweet soy source. #27 yangnyeom chicken ... this is the best one, crispy fried chicken dipped in a sweet spicy source. it's must item if you are chicken lover!#28 sundubu jjigae ... we like sundubu and had several ones in the past, but this one was the best one for our liking. soup was not too spicy but has a lot of umami taste in it, and small squids are really good! it also comes with steamed rice (it's good also).#41 haemul bookeum udong ... we asked to make it "non-spicy" as we don't like too hot dishes. it has a lot of seafood (mussels, oysters, squids, shrimps etc.) and very tasty stir-fried noodle. you'd better considering to order couple of dishes as a starter to be shared, as all dishes are relatively in smaller size (compared with us one). also you need to take enough time into account as it takes time to be cooked (probably by one chef?). btw, typical korean restaurant in california comes with multiple small dishes as an appetizer (namuru, kimuchi etc.), but you need to order them here.anyway, all dishes are soo good and atmosphere was very nice for small family like us to talk and enjoy tasty dishes without being bothered by a loud noisy music or too much crowded environment in a busy touristic area. there is no stress here so you can relax and enjoy time with family! was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was at naru. naru is located a few blocks away from the british museum and open late in a lively area. stop by for drinks and appetizers or order a plate or two for dinner. portions aren't very big and will not fill up someone with a hearty appetite. naru is a small korean restaurant located near to tottenham court road station. fortunately it is not located on the same road as what use to be known as london mini korean street, so it hasn't been affected by the centre point and crossrail regeneration.when you come to naru i recommend their soup pot which is served with steamed rice. but unusual that it was multigrain rice or what is known as black and white rice on their menu.a favourite soup pot of mine is kimchi jjigae (8.50) which consist of spicy kimchi, sliced pork and tofu. it is one of the traditional korean soup pot that goes well with rice and this spicy soup which is suited for the colder season.naru's kimchi jig was good as the soup was not too watery and more like a stew. there was a good amount of thinly sliced pork and tofu. the portion size was just right for one person.there is a small selection of casserole which are larger version of the soup pot and is serving for 2-3 people. these do not include rice but for additional charge you can add rice, ramen noodle or potato glass noodle to go with the casserole.the kimchi, sliced pork and dumpling stew is one of the casserole which can be served for 1 person (13). the only thing missing from this was tofu otherwise it would had truly satisfy for my tofu loving friend.if you not a fan of having a soup pot then there are a lot of other traditional korean dishes inlcuding dolsot bibimbap and par jeon which are not bad. but it would not be my first choice at naru. okay. ddokboki was flavorful but lacked in quantity. the kalbi was lacking flavor and soups didn't have the best ingredients in terms of seafood. explore other korean places but this place is fine if you want a traditional meal that is somewhat commonplace. maybe a 3+. food was good, but we had a long wait for it and then no one followed up to refill waters or see if we needed anything else - and we were the table closest to the register! luckily, i saw a water dispenser right on the front counter and could refill water myself, twice. we had the veggie egg rolls with seaweed and glass noodles and the spicy shrimp as appetizers and they were very tasty. i got the roasted chicken in a sweet sauce, my spouse got the pork belly and squid and veggies in a sizzling hot pot. also, good. prices were okay. great lunch spot. we were looking for a place to eat lunch before a matinee play. we were looking for a place that was air conditioned. finally, we found naru. air conditioned and they serve beer. we had 2 beef lunch specials. both were good. we also shared a seafood pancake - this was very good. i am not an expert in korean food and i'm grateful to visiting san franciscan yelper rachel z for organising this korean food outingfollowing some advice from local yelp foodies, she led an intrepid group of hungry yelpers to naru on the outskirts of covent garden. most of us had a little experience of korean food but were keen for morewe did the time-honoured group ordering system of shouting out dishes that we liked the look of and once again, we came up trumps! haha, must be natural ordering skill. naru lived up to the recommendations we had been given and we were treated to some tasty dishesi'm afraid my poor memory and lack of familiarity with korean food means that i can't summarise all rhe dishes that we enjoyed. however, i can remember that my favourite dishes were the beef tartare, sweet yet fragrant than sesame and perfectly paired with pear, and the japchae, sweet potato noodlesi haven't been overly enamoured by korean food in the past but naru has inspired me to explore this cuisine more in the future been there twice. superb food. nice and friendly staff. highly recommended. especially the mixed seafood fried noodles! the soup pots and bbqs are very good too! i stopped by here for lunch because it was super close to my residence, and i'm happy i did! the location isn't all that great since it's on a corner and doesn't get the best publicity, which might explain why it wasn't that crowded when i visited.i ordered the tofu bibimbap (no egg) and ended up really liking it. the tofu tasted great and had a good texture, and i enjoyed the vegetables/rice (mixed grain) as well. the vegetables did seem a bit oily, though, hence the minus one star. but overall, a solid meal, and for a reasonable price too - i believe i paid around 7 pounds for the bibimbap, which was more than enough for lunch. we had a delicious meal at naru, despite difficulties using their incredibly slippery metal chopsticks! we started with the ke sal gu jeoul pan which was supposed to be soft shelled crab with veg served with mini pancakes. firstly, a completely incorrect menu description as it wasn't soft shelled crab at all but imitation crab meat! very disappointing and by far the least inspired item we ordered. we also had the pa jeon kim chi pancake which was good. crispy on the outside with a nice golden colour. the bbq dishes went down a treat. we had the bul go gi and the spicy pork.  both were really tasty. the bi bim bap was ok. it wasn't as flavoursome as i had hoped and it tasted a bit bland. the two best things we ordered were the yang nyum dak fried chicken and the kim-chi, sliced pork & dumpling stew. the fried chicken pieces were perfectly crispy and tossed in a sweet and sour sauce. everyone kept referring to this as korean popcorn chicken. delicious! and the stew came with a burner to keep it bubbling away in the table. loads of veg in a spicy broth. the dumplings were yummy. overall a great meal at naru. really enjoyed the food and atmosphere and it was great value. we gorged ourselves and it came out at only 25 per person. to be honest, i would give out no star if i could. i have been to korea twice, and i can tell the food is not authentic at all, at least the ones i ordered, which are the deep fried chicken starter and a beef rib stew as main. the chicken tastes like junk food, like you got in a fast food place for 3 dollars. the crisp is not what they usually use in korea. the beef rib is huge, can they just cut it in smaller piece? the plate for the stew is so shabby, a plain, white ceramic plate, which is not what they use for a stew. and this stew, goes without rice, charged 14 pounds. but the most ridiculous thing of this " restaurant" is that they have 12% service charge. com'on, all they did is adding tap water one time. and 12%? excuse me? am i eating at a fancy reataurant or am i in the states now? three of us, spend 42 pounds, eating korean fast food. sorry i don't get it. and no thank you, never again. whenever i am homesick there is nothing like korean food to bring me the comfort. since the korean population in london seems fairly low, i was afraid of what my options looked like. after scouring a number of reviews my eyes fell upon which seemed to have relatively good reviews. i had the bibimbap in a stone bowl which was really quite delicious! the stone was hot enough to create some really crispy pieces of rice. the taste of sesame oil and red pepper paste flooded my mouth with joy. aside from being a bit stunned that kimchi and namul had to be paid for (they are complimentary in korean restaurants in korea, canada and the states), the portions were good for these and they tasted fresh and delicious.finally i also had the kalbi which had a bit of an unusual appearance it was like they took the tong kalbi (the traditional cut) and sliced it into a long strip which they cut up into pieces and served in a heated marinade pool. i wish it was truly grilled as the charcoal flavour was missed. it wasn't my favourite version of the dish but hit the spot. afterall who would turn down kalbi? korean food is one of my favorite cuisines when it comes to asian and i've been on the hunt for a restaurant that does korean fairly well. i've been to naru a couple of times and i've got to say that it's pretty good. they need to improve on a few things for me to give them a 5th star though.for one, korean restaurants typically give you complimentary side dishes with your meal. maybe i'm spoiled from california where i'm used to this, but when i stopped by korea, they seemed to do the same thing. naru gives you nada! secondly, they seem to be a little skimpy on the portions. i ordered this ramen street dish with rice cakes and stuff in it, although it was delicious, i still was hungry afterwards...other than those reasons, naru does korean really well. everything i've tried is pretty good, i just wish i got more of it. service isn't horrible, but it does get busy in there. i am a picky eater when it comes to korean food. so picky i make trips out to new malden because i find that the restaurants in central london tend to disappoint. not naru! if you're planning to go with a group of people, i think it works out better to order the dishes separately rather than getting the set menu. it'll give you a better variety of dishes. starterskimchee pancake - almost everyone's fave!seafood pancake - where's the seafood? should've gotten 2 kimchee onesjap chae - pretty good - everyone's 2nd fave. spicy pork with tofu - this was good but left me just mildly unsatisfiedmainsbulgogi - yum! i have to admit it is nice to not have to bbq my foodkalbi jjim (stewed short ribs) - yum! i want more!tobboki - this is like dukbokki + instant noodles + fish cakes - this was delightfulseafood udon - it was good but definitely not the highlight. service was pretty good. i'm definitely coming back. this is a terrific, affordable little korean place right in the heart of london. the bi bim bap is delicious, as is the korean bbq beef. all the dishes are seasoned well, and served by a friendly staff. there is also a nice, laid-back vibe about the place, which makes it a far cry from the many food-mills or over-themed, overpriced, underwhelming restaurants in the area. i've eaten korean cuisine in a lot of cities, and outside of the na west coast, nyc, toronto, and asia itself, you're going to have a hard time finding better quality at this price. grab your metal chopsticks and dig in! this is my third attempt to korean food and compared with the other places i have been i would say its an ok place.food wise it was delicious although again i can pronounce most of the things we ate. the place though was a bit small and it was lacking the atmosphere. we wanted to have wine but we found that the ones offered were not that special and bit over priced super tasty food however, portions are pretty small for the price. i definitely recommend the bimbimbap and the pancake! but if you're looking for some korean food in central london, you should definitely come here! bi bim bap boom. the bi bim bap was so awesome that i have thought about it regularly since we ate there. the traditional pancake and kimchi as starters--excellent. how about a little squid and pork korean bbq? bring it on--it was really good.i am not a korean food expert but i was just loving the well-executed food. simple, authentic, affordable, well-done.service wasn't the best and no special atmosphere....it is all about affordable and tasty korean food. a little sad that i first discovered naru with a friend who is allergic to eggs, and at the time wasn't overly hungry so i didn't get to do my usual deal of ordering way too much food and caring little for the fattening consequences until i was heaving my food baby to catch the bus home. the things one does for friendship. on the whole, the meal was really yummy. to start we ordered a side of kimchi and ttuk san juk - skewers of beef, rice cake and veggies. heavenly, delectable little bites, perfect in number for 2 people to share.when we first arrived i had thought it would be a great idea to order a bottle of soju. realised after a single shot, that i in fact, do not like soju. thankfully had level-minded friend present to not let me go crazy on the menu. back to the food - next i had the o jing a bokkum, which consisted of calamari (no tentacles, unfortunately which are obviously the best bit) and this delicious, albeit spicy sauce. only downside that i can think of was that they served it with courgettes which i abhor. the calamari was cooked really nicely, and with the sauce in tow made for a fabulous midnight snack. did i mention they really don't skimp on the portions? my friend has the braised pork (naru bo ssam) which was too sweet for me, but cooked to perfection nevertheless. all of the above came to about 40 quid, which considering london prices was really not too awful. would love to come here again, perhaps with slightly hungrier friend. this isn't so much a full service restaurant as a room which happens to have a lady (or dude) to bring you cheap food.i love bibimbap, and tend to order it every time i eat korean, no matter if i get 14 other dishes, or simply savour it on its own. theirs is fantastic; like any simple dish, the skill lies in the balance of ingredients and skill of preparation. they use excellent rice (traditional korean rice rather than californian grown japanese rice), and a medley of vegetables (including the essential obscure korean ones) with a bit of meat thrown in for flavour and texture. i never order other dishes here (aside from an occasional noodle soup which uses instant noodles in a hot beef broth) and wouldn't bother -- this is a canteen and they excel on the low-end of the spectrum.don't come here for bbq or with friends for a big night out. it's somewhere for lunch, and a bloody good one if you like bibimbap. the service is great, and when i used to work nearby they would start my bibimbap as soon as they saw me walking towards the restaurant -- its that kind of spot.i used to go there sometimes after work for beers because i kind of like that korean lager hite and once one of the dudes there and i got so drunk he spoke to me in korean. only in korean, despite me not understanding any korean. value for money and good food! not fancy nor exquisite bit its great for lunch with quick service and friendly prices. the menu is varied and the bibimbap is good. locations is also quite convenient and it has a lot if seating so its an ideal plan b if you didn't plan lunch ahead. it's also quite consistent - i've been coming here for iver 3 years - never disappointed! dol sat bibimbap is solid, yet not in a stone pot. mandu were greasy, but tasty. would have given four stars but the service was way too slow. i highly recommend naru to anyone looking for good quality, moderately priced korean food in central london! there's always space, the staff are friendly and the food is brilliant. i am not exactly a stranger when it comes to korean food so i can tell a thing or two about naru. it really is quite unique by itself and offers a wide array of meals for both the newbies and experienced in the korean food. the bibimbap is amazing here - so full of taste and dense in flavour. i think that everyone should at leaest once in their life try korean beef and bbq in general. there is no other culture that prepares the meat this well - it's uniquely tasty.i can make a small remark regarding the staff. the place seemed to be a bit short of people as we waited for some time for our orders and check respectively. however, that did not ruin our dinner at all; and what could actually, with such food. we came here for a friend's birthday. i had the bibimbap which was the nicest thing i ate there- the rice was toasted round the edges but could have done with a bit more chilli sauce! i also ordered the tobboki (rice cakes) which was a disappointing portion. at almost 8 a portion, there were about 5 rice cakes and the (already small) plate was bulked up with vegetables. the pae jeon (seafood pancake) was also disappointing. the pancake wasn't crispy, and was really thick and tasted like uncooked batter in the middle. to top it all off, they charged us 1 a head for cake service- on top of service charge- which i think is a really mean spirited thing to do. towards 10.30 they started hurrying us to settle the bill and leave. unacceptable. the bibimbap was good, although i don't think it's enough to make me want to come back..	1	0	1	0	0
 my boyfriend and i stumbled upon this place before a movie nearby. and wow was it a great find. seated promptly (6:30 is early for dinner) service was excellent- prompt on wine/water refills, checked up on us just multiple times, delightful ambiance overall. tried to push the pre-set menu a bit, but i don't blame our server at all because of you've never had south indian coastal cuisine, it's a good deal to try multiple plates on the menu. we ordered crab cakes as the starter to split, a bit small for 13, but delicious and mustard sauce was a great touch. had 2 mains (black cod- which literally melts in your mouth!) and the fish curry (mango curry, not spicy), along with the potato & cauliflower (little kick, good texture), chickpea masala, lemon rice, and a pastry-like bread. for dessert, we were going to order the creme brle, but after asking our server what he recommended, he pointed us to the pistachio cake. it did not disappoint! the cake was buttery, not super sweet, with a center ball of pistachio ice cream. by the time we left at 8:30, the place was packed! ambiance was low key, mix of clientele, and balanced music with conversation buzzing. i would not recommend bringing young children to this establishment, as it's very low key and relaxing environment. we will definitely be back! this is one of our favorite restaurants when we visit london. this is not your typical indian restaurant. they specialize in southwest coastal indian cuisine. i am typically not a huge fan of indian food. however, we both love this restaurant! you must try the tasting menu. the various and distinct flavors are wonderful. and, the presentation is fantastic.this is a true fine dining experience that is not to be missed! we are heading back to london in a few weeks and we will definitely be stopping by for dinner again! visiting from out of town and went here with my coworker to try out indian food in london as we heard good things. i love indian food and spent some time in india as well on a volunteer trip years ago and often think back to my yummy food experiences there.... like cheese naan, oregano naan, chai marsala in the evening, no vindaloo being available as its not actually indian at all but wanting it, most perfect lamb/goat curries, fresh fried samosas... omg lol. okay i'll move on :) well quilon was good but not special and expensive too. menu appeared to be contemporary take on indian food and had some fusion items as well. there are no samosas or traditional curries here peeps. a starter was complimentary which was greatly appreciated but a couple dips/concoctions weren't that good and didn't go together well. we shared the cauliflower chilli fry (yummy), prawn masala (my favourite), manglorean chicken (like watered down butter chicken or murgh makhani, was good though), two aubergines dish (decent), tomato soup (delish and complimentary), lemon rice (its rice? haha) and paratha (crispy and chewy good). had high expectations given the michelin star rating but fell short. nice location near buckingham palace and good service. my overall rating is 3.5 stars but wouldn't return again. i wish i could give 10 stars. amazing food. the chef made custom fish dish which was awesome! highly recommended. the mango yogurt curry and chicken roast are to die for! special thanks to chef ramesh and mr. vernon for making our experience so memorable. the service was excellent. the food was marginal. i was disappointed in the lamb dish i ordered which included just a few bits of lamb in a bowl of rice. we felt nickle and dimed with being charged for tap water, rice and bread. shameful in our opinion. the pistachio cake was three little bits of cake for 10. we will not be back. indian delicacies and services at its michelin's best! the lunch tasting menu is highly recommended! most amazing dinner experience!! the menu takes you on a flavor journey starting with lentil tomato soup and ending with infused chocolate and sorbets! the service was excellent and the food was divine! worth every penny and more!! you are worth it- check this place out!! after having eaten in 29 countries now, this place has been the biggest ripoff i have ever experienced in all my years of travel. if you want to pay 58 pounds for 5 nuggets of chicken, rice and bread and some calamari, then this is the place for you. for this price and lack of food on your plate you'd think they were smearing gold leaf on everything. there was nothing special about the food. i left this place literally pissed off. i'd suggest checking out other options around town. pro: the decor was nice. seriously one of the best restaurant experiences ever. read my other reviews as i don't say this lightly. fabulous south indian coastal cuisine served with the finest, elegant yet casual service. 3 hr experience/extravaganza. we both had the vegetarian 5 course tasting menu. the courses are still unforgettable weeks later. perhaps 5 people in total helped. fab maitre d'. no tipping policy. total cost for 2 with one having 4 wine pairing was $250. in nyc that would have cost $800 and doubt it would have compared. bravo. this was the only michellin star that we could visit in london. they certainly deserve the michelin star. the service is impeccable.we got the tasting menu . our initial thought was that portion wont be enough but we were totally wrong. the portions and the food were just amazing. everything on the tasting menu was just superb. my favorite was the masala prawn.will certainly recommend this place !! if you want high end indian with a goa inspired menu, this is your spot. walking distance from st james, green park and park lane, this is a lovely place for dinner with varied options, great service and beautifully appointed.ive been a couple of times now and from their bread to rice, chicken, beef or veggie dish - its all been delicious, beer cold and our experience, exceptional. i was so excited about eating indian food in london and this restaurant did not disappoint. i got the non vegetarian tasting menu and my husband got the seafood. everything we had was amazing! the staff was so kind and even gave me a lobster broth too which was incredible. the beet cake was by far one of my favorite things and i'm not even a big fan of beets. you can't forget the pistachio cake either it's incredible! if you want amazing indian food and incredible service i recommend this restaurant! this is one of the best restaurants outside india. as a native keralite i can say this is almost as amazing as the food in kerala. there are very few restaurants that are this good anywhere in the world. the food in this place and the execution of all the plates and elements that hit your table are perfect. whatever you order in food and wine is going to be amazing. we got a couple of appetizers: the fishermen's catch and the lotus leaf. both were great and a good way to have your own tasting of food. i got the fat bastard pinot noir that was a great way to pair the food. for main we got the prawn masala and the coconut with asparagus and snow peas. the bread on the side was delicious and went well with the prawn masala. the little chips with sauces at the beginning i forgot to mention are also so varied and tasty. loved the soup they bring as appetizer. we closed with the vermicelli kheer a berry lassi that were exquisite. they bring you chocolate to close the dinner. perfect service and they gave us great food recommendations. 10 out of 10! we had the non vegetarian tasting menu. it was an incredible culinary experience. we love indian food and this was such a fantastic take on indian cuisine. as a former part of the empire it's no surprise that outstanding indian cuisine can be found in the uk.  quilon, a michelin one star, delivers; producing stunning south-west coastal indian cuisine modernized for today's taste. this is a sensory charged eperience.walk in and be greeted by air perfumed by fresh flowers.  a warm welcome then regardless of your booking time, you will be invited to the lounge for a cocktail. accept the invitation. exceptional mixed drinks incorporating classic indian libations. nice selection of vintage beer. once seated in the contemporary dining room, the experience truly begins.  a selection of "crackers" are presented with different spices and herb condiments. even the spiciest clearly showcase the flavor of the ingredients. no thermonuclear, mouth blowing heat. any with tomato are outstanding.a lotus cake and crab cake are served together. the lotus, the unmistakable flavor of the seed brightened by a mildly spicy, chili infused mango sauce. the crab, very sweet with hints ginger, curry, and chilies with a mustard sauce, just good eats.seafood course follows with a tender, sweet prawn cooked with a tomato marsala and a curry leaf and lentil crusted fish with a fresh ginger and coconut "chutney". flavors in both are very subtle but unmistakably indian in origin. a warm, somewhat chewy, ghee infused skillet bread, malabar paratha, the perfect "mop" for the marsala.very different intermezzo that just works. this one a warm coriander scented tomato juice with the very clean flavor of fresh chili. stateside yeeps, add some vodka and this would be the best bloody mary you've had. land courses include an excellent, deeply flavored, fragrant malabar lamb biryani, a rich, super charged, complex aromatic spiced mangalorean chicken. a dish of coconut with asparagus and snow peas sauted in mustard, curry leaves and chilies plus plain yoghurt with pomegranate seeds rounds out the offerings. taste them separately then on advice of the manager, mix them together on the same plate. sounds bizarre but wow, it works.a simple predessert highlighting a gently sweetened, refreshing berry puree then off to desssert. a good selection. ok alone but stellar with some port for much needed acidity. tip: opt for a tasting menu for the table unless you are familiar with indian cuisine. dishes are presented individually (not family style) in logical courses so flavors compliment.very well chosen, practical wine list that best matches the food. prices are very low for a restaurant of this caliber. average bottle 40.service is excellent. like a fine tuned machine with the single manager conducting it all and greeting every guest.one month advance booking recommended.stellar. first of all i would say that the service is second to none. i've never seen a staff go to such great links to accommodate patrons. the ambience is nice but not amazing. it's a very dark intimate feeling in the restaurant.we tried the tasters with the paired wines which were 90 pounds each. the tasting items were all very small portion size virtually smaller than tapas. among the many dishes about half of them were amazing and really a delight. the other half were a little disappointing.the amazing dishes for the crusted fillet of fish, the crabcake, the broccoli cake, and the pistachio cake desert. the prawn curry was quite good but it was pretty mild and the serving was precisely one large prawn per person.among the dishes that we we're not that impressed with were the fish broth, the biriyani lamb, the curry chicken, the kheer, the coconut asparagus, the lintel multiply tiny thin broth certain cocktail glasses, and the chai masala tea. the wines were all excellent. i'm not sure it was worth 60 pounds worth of wine drinking for two of us to have four half glasses of wine each. going back to the staff and the customer service which was exceptional, they were very flexible in swapping items on the menu, giving us replacement dishes when we weren't happy with something, etc.we were surprised if they actually charge for pounds for tapwater.however the receipt said that no tip is expected. we went here for the convenience of it being right next to our hotel and the fact that we wanted indian food. it was amazing. the service and ambiance were fantastic and the food was delicious. the scallops appetizer was probably the best scallops i've ever had. when someone says the words "prawn masala" to a foodie you don't really have a choice but to try it. what wasn't in the recommendation was that the entire menu is amazing. a foodie friend and i sampled 12+ dishes and 4 desserts (no judgement); which resulted in the best meal i've had in life. to top it off, after 5 amazing courses of incredible service we found out that there was a no tipping policy and he 1 pound they included in the check goes to charity. an incredible fine dining experience + social good + next door to where the a queen hangs out = the best of london. i've eaten my way through 13 cities across the world and this may be the best meal all year...life...in all of yelp. staying at conrad in westminster in st james. walked few blocks to michelin star restaurant. we went thurs nt at 7:30 reservations. service was excellent. we got seafood tasting menu for $85 pounds per person. 5 course meal in addition to palate cleansers. crackers with various toppings was complimentary, it was garlicky, some spicy some not. 1st course was soup, lobster broth, delicious. 2nd, 4 little tastings of very delicious tastes which included my fav, scallop. 3rd, sampling of butter lobster, prawn masala, black cod, all very good, esp butter lobster and prawn. 4th was main course of fish curry, byirani rice and coconut snow peas or asparagus, all very flavorful. dessert was pistachio cake with ice cream, that was my favorite dessert because it wasn't overly sweet, my husband had chocolate coconut bar which was ok but clearly i would advocate for cake. everything was 5 star worthy, understated elegance of restaurant, you don't need to get dressed up but wear neat attire, it was not pretentious and people seemed to enjoy ethnic food in classy quiet not over the top atmosphere. it did not appear to be a lot of food but we did not leave hungry and we left some food on our plates. if you are looking for something different, i would highly recommend this place. i came here on a trip to london and had a very enjoyable dinner experience. the inside of the restaurant is nicely decorated and clean. we found the music to be a little off-putting, but overall enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant. the service throughout our meal was pretty good, not exemplary, but we had no complaints.for starters, we got the cauliflower chili fry and the char grilled scallops. the staff was nice enough to split the appetizers for us on two separate plates. the char grilled scallops were pretty good and well-cooked, but the cauliflower stole the show for us. it is perfectly fried without being too crispy, and really well-spiced- i could've eaten buckets of it. for our entree, we got a potato and cauliflower dish, lobster butter pepper, and the prawn masala. the prawn masala was amazing and lived up to expectations; i would definitely recommend getting this dish. the lobster and potato/cauliflower dish were also very good. quilon definitely does seafood dishes well, and you cannot really go wrong with anything.at the end of the meal, we were given complimentary sorbets (lemon, raspberry) that was a nice touch. i would definitely recommend making a stop by quilon if you are looking for a good high end indian restaurant! hands down one of the best meals i have ever had! my mom and i went here while vacationing in london and we left full and happy! the waiter customized a menu for us and his choices were perfect, as well as choosing the wine we drank to match the foods! a must visit when in london!! my husband and i had lunch at quilon yesterday, to celebrate my birthday. here are my thoughts:ambiance is great. the table set up is really nice and the restaurant is very clean and sleek.service was a bit rocky in the beginning as nobody came by to take our order. my husband finally got up to request that someone come by and from there on out service was fantastic. the manager (?) asked if everything was okay numerous times, saying that i wasn't eating much and he'd be happy to have the kitchen send out something different if i preferred. (i ate more than enough!)food was quite good, but admittedly different from the typical indian food i prefer (north vs. south). -- seafood broth was a highlight.-- husband enjoyed the salad.-- chickpeas were excellent.-- seabass was very good and more importantly, good quality.-- rice was very good.-- parathas aren't usually my thing but my husband enjoyed these (so much for his no-carb diet).-- husband went to town on all the complimentary desserts as well - he enjoyed the cake and the trio of yogurts on my behalf (i am lactose-intolerant). manager once again noticed i didn't eat the dessert and brought out a complimentary dish of mango sorbet for me, which was excellent.overall quilon really did surpass my expectations, mainly due to the fantastic and thoughtful service. i didn't love the style of food but i really can't get this restaurant any less than 5 stars for making my birthday so unbelievably special. considering that it is supposed to be a michelin star, it was a rather disappointing evening. i have had better no great indian food here in the states and in canada. the flavors were lacking in both dishes that we ordered, quilon fish curry and the lamb biryani. the lamb was dry whereas in a real biryani the lamb should simply melt in your mouth. the fish curry had the most bland flavors ever. and honestly i can make a way better malabar paratha. the service was nothing spectacular either. we have covered many different michelin star restaurants here in nyc where the service was impeccable. this restaurant does not even come close to any one of them. overall not my cup of tea!! went to dinner to quilon. food and service were fantastic. the scallops, prawns and duck were particularly good. absolutely wonderful meal. the flavors were great! service was attentive. my 16 year old daughter loved it. she said it was the best indian food she had ever had. i would agree! excellent food, great service with personal touch. we had a very pleasant experience dining at quilon. i tried their chicken roast, it was very good. hands down the best indian food my husband and i have ever had! the service was perfectly on point, and the food and drinks were incredible. we were absolutely stuffed by the end of the meal but wanted to keep eating it was so good. my favorite part was the chai creme brulee we had for dessert, but everything was overall fantastic. this restaurant is very deserving of its michelin star. definitely come here for some of the best southwest indian cuisine london has to offer, particularly the seafood--they do it right at quilon! centrally located off buckingham gate, this small but quaint eatery greets you with beautifully flower-scented air as you step into the cocktail lounge. upon being seated, you will start by enjoying their complimentary poppadoms with several mild to spicy accoutrements. we had a tasting menu, so the first course was the lotus chop and crab cake. the mango sauce compliments the lotus perfectly, while the mustard paired excellent with the softness of the crab. next the seafood dish, which was absolutely amazing! like i said, their seafood is it! the prawn masala includes one of the biggest, juiciest and tastiest prawns i've ever had. i would've licked my plate if it weren't for the fact that i was sitting in a michelin-starred restaurant, so i had to mind my manners! loved the spicy tomato soup as our intermezzo. onto the next dish, which was meat... and unfortunately somewhat disappointing, but not entirely. i enjoyed the malabar lamb biryani, with its generous chunks of lamb and excellent fusion of spices to deliver an exceptional flavor, but the mangalorean chicken fell way short of my expectations. the chicken itself seemed dry, almost like powder and far from succulent. the sauce it was doused in had an overpowering coconut flavor that really overwhelmed the entire dish. i enjoyed the yoghurt with pomegranate, and the asparagus & snow peas were good, but yet again, more coconut infusion into the flavors (btw, i'm not a coconut hater--by all means, i absolutely love it! i cook with coconut oil, drink coconut water, etc... however, it really did seem to be used a wee bit too much in this dish, so maybe if i had spoken up, i would've been lucky enough to try their black cod and had given the 5 stars that quilon deserves). an underwhelming pre-dessert followed by a well-rounded pistachio cake made up for it. my husband had the masala chai and chai latte crme brle--both were absolutely excellent, smooth and rich. impressive considering its near impossible (for me) to find decent dessert items at an indian establishment. discreet and attentive waitstaff do an outstanding job to make sure you are satisfied with your experience. all in all, quilon gives you more bang for your buck than the average michelin-starred restaurant out there. best indian meal i've ever had! also one of the best fish dishes i've tasted (the stone bass in a tomato-red chili sauce--get it!). amazing bold flavors all around. the fisherman's catch and artichoke, cauliflower, and beer root chop were also great starters. service was impeccable. we got the sea bass and lemon rice on the recommendation of our waiter and were so glad we did. and since it was my birthday they brought a complimentary small dessert with a giant sparkler. so fun. there was room for improvement on a few things so i left a comment card with praise and feedback (namely the pistachio dessert was a miss). as we were heading out the door, the staff brought us a new check where they had comped the dessert. not necessary but very appreciated. this earned them 5 stars. highly recommend.	0	1	1	0	0
 great seafood, mussel dishes, etc but the place has lost it folk belgian dishes, only vestige is the wild boar dish gone is sausage and kraut hearty dishesflavored beers are greatnoisy friendly active place in basementone downside is that place is unbearably hot, no matter the weather outside  they should spend a buck on air conditioning the drop of the star is because this place is really loud! the restaurant is in the basement with low ceilings and long tables/benches, so if you're not into getting close to your fellow diners, eat elsewhere. that said, there is certainly a great atmosphere and even if conversation is limited (or at full volume) it has a certain je ne sais quoi.coming to belgo and not having mussels would be like coming to london and not riding on a double decker bus! the mussels were some of the best i've ever had! no rubbery or sandy molluscs here! my sister and i happened to be in london one weekend and i had asked friends in advance for something near the lyric theatre to eat at that was decent. belgo was suggested so we decided to give it a go!so it appears the upstairs area was more of a bar and downstairs was where all the eating happened. we were seated in a narrow passing as it was just the two of us, this made for a rather "cosy" environment, not the best place to sit, to be honest. it was also dimmer where we sat, so i can't help but feel we got the worst seats in the place.we decided to get some drinks since it was a wet evening. i ordered the boon kriek lambic cherry since cherry is my favourite fruit flavour (next to pear). this is a gorgeous fruit beer and quite high on my favourite alcoholic drinks. it's not as sweet as ciders but still, has that fruity taste. my sister ordered the floris framboise which i also recommend.given the fact that belgo's two main selling points were their mussels and rotisserie chicken, we decided to order one of each to see if they lived up to the hype. our small table struggled to store everything we ordered, as you can see.the thai and kimchi moules were awfully tempting, but alas my sister does not eat spicy food so we had to compromise. we ordered the herb and garlic moules in the end, this has the added benefit of actually being able to taste the mussels. these were quite nice and substantial, i'm not a mussels connoisseur, but these were a-ok and i'd happily come back here again if i had a mussels craving.next up was the belgo beer bbq chicken. the sauce on this was soooo good and the chicken was very tender and moist. it's a shame the chicken looks so sad on its own as the sides came in their own bowls. overall, a thumbs up for me.for each main, you had a choice of sides to accompany them. you can choose between bread, chips or salad to accompany the mussels. for the chicken, it was chips or salad. i had thought that the bread would be perfect for mopping up the sauce that went with the mussels, but i decided to go for chips in the end as it sort of went with both chicken and mussels. i would recommend you go for bread if you are ordering mussels, though!the salad is very much needed as there was a distinct lack of veggies in the meal. although the salad was very varied and dressed nicely i did feel that the salad was disproportionally small, compared to the chips.the speculoos cheesecake was a must, even though at this point both of us were rather full. we shared one and the lotus biscuit pretty much fell after i took this photo, it probably wasn't necessary. the cake was delicious although on the small side for 5.50.overall, he atmosphere and seating weren't brilliant. the staff were very pleasant and quick, though, so we weren't made to feel like third class passengers in service as least. i felt that they were ever so slightly overpriced, especially the cheesecake the small salad was also disappointing, more salad, please! i would probably not visit belgo again. the place was nice but nothing spectacular. as the chain only seems to be in london and nottingham, i don't think i'd visit again as there are other places i've yet to eat at. was convinced to return here by a friend. she insisted they had the best lobster ever.they don't. and i've previously written about the chicken.instead you pay 28 for a smaller lobster than you can get at big easy for 20.but wait! they have a special lobster festival menu, where you can order a smaller one for 35 that's a whole lobster that somehow has no claws! and is closer to the size of a crawfish.and when you query it and you have the regular lobster and the special side by side on the same table they will somehow find a way to insist that it is indeed a whole lobster. that's right. this more expensive and smaller lobster with no claws is a whole lobster according to belgo.and when they take it away and bring you a regular lobster instead, they don't cook you another one. instead they grab the first one they see so some other customer is also delayed. and you get a replacement lobster that has weird black stuff in it. because that other customer had asked specifically for balsamic vinegar to be poured into half the lobster. so it looks like you're about to have that black stuff on the alien planet in prometheus.and then you get the bill and it still has the optional service charge automatically added.so it's gone from 2 stars to 1 star. sorry belgo but you suck.and the moral of the story is stand your ground and don't listen to the girl. life is too short to queue up for bad food in a hot, stuffy basement on a summer evening. nothing will convince me to return here. sorry belgo ii'll give you 2 stars as at the end, the only thing really tasty i had was the beer. dinner for 2 during the week: this place could be interesting if you are large group of friends but for a couple could be too noisy (the open kitchen add another layer of noise on top of the one coming from the big tables around you)men is not so big which is good but what you'll get is an average meal from an average franchise. i had the chicken (make i simple choice) which was not particularly amazing, not tasty and also the inside was cooked ok-ish (some parts could have been cooked more). my friend had the mussels with chips which he said were ok but as i said before, nothing special ,the chips were better than the mussels.the only thing that was good were the fried calamari, tasty and properly crispy!beer selection is huge and brilliant, they also have the leffe on draught. i had the pauwel kwak which was really good and served in glass with wooden stand and my friend had a trappiste,westmalle tripel, also really good.other than that, my friend belgo, what i would suggest to you will be: be more authentic in terms of food, as your drinks are amazing already, and you'll be paid back with better reviews (at least mine!). great belgian beers, mussels were delicious and service was great. cool vibe and atmosphere downstairs. highly recommended. went with a large group and received horrible service. note tip is automatically added to the bill as well. it was an especially busy night but even so, service was well sub par. overall good selection of beers and well prepared food. the arched ceiling of the beer hall provides a unique casual ambience. this place was really cool.i took the wife and two young kids. everyone was super nice and accommodating with the children. we ordered two pots of mussels to share -- the garlic and herb one and the tradittionale one. both were really yummy, but could have been just a little bit better. it's like the smallest something was missing that i just can't put my finger on.we got frites as the side for both orders of mussels. and why wouldn't you? they are really, really, really good. crispy and flavorful, they hit the spot. second only in london to flatiron i would say.the restaurant itself is massive yet inviting. it's a really cool setting. the rock music is a little loud, but it works.they gave my son a free ice cream cone at the end which i really appreciated and which was super nice of them. i would definitely visit again for the amazing frites and really good mussels. service is really slow but the staff are lovely and the food is just fabulous.if you are a fan of their mussel pots but hate eating with your fingers. ...try the roasted platters .... and eat with a knife and fork - what's not to love :-). got the steak and cheese platter here, it was good food and really cool basement area.friends got various beers, almost all of which, they enjoyed.not a seafood or shellfish guy, so i'm not the perfect reviewer for their big menu items.cool place to go on a date or with a group of friends though! outstanding food and great service. a very hip restaurant in a cool neighborhood of london. can't go wrong here. it was wild & not in a good way. i went with a large group, planned with the restaurant months in advance, and there were issues the night of, with squeezing in my group of friends. the beer menu was most definitely satisfying, but when it came down to the food (which we all ordered in advance) i would not give it any more than 2.5 stars. one thing i really enjoyed, were the french fries, well... at least their doing something right. no one could hear a thing, the space was very loud, and very hot. the food was under seasoned, if it wasn't for the sweat dripping from my pores onto my plate, i think it would have been a below sub par type of meal. beer menu and the space were most likely the most impressive things about this bar. i came here for the mussels and beer. the beer i have to say it's really good as there are a lot of options and you can try different samples. i tried the traditional mussels in a pot and it tastes pretty fresh in the beginning. but the more i eat, the more muddy flavor i tastes. i don't think the celery or the unions gets rid of the muddy flavor that well. then i tried the mussels with spinach on the pan. this one is no comparison to the ones in a pot as it doesn't taste as fresh. it looks and tastes weird with all the spinach pure and bacon on top of the mussels. this place is pretty big and casual. the was, by far, the worst dining experience my husband and i had during our 2.5 week vacation in the uk. there were 2 positives about this place: the mussels were perfectly cooked (tender and without any grittiness) and my husband enjoyed the lobster bisque. now to the negatives:although the mussels were cooked perfectly, they were utterly flavorless. we got two different broths and neither had any flavor. we ended up dousing each, individual muscle with lemon and salt to be able to eat them. the fries were just passable.the service, while friendly, was exceptionally slow and confused. after we were seated, it took a long time for anyone to come to our table to take our food or drink order. after ordering, my husband got his soup fairly quick, but we had to wait over an hour for our mussels. we saw 3, yes 3, parties come and go at the table next to us. we asked our waiter about our order, but he completely disappeared. we finally flagged down another waiter and explained the situation. he was actually very nice and managed to get our order to us. apparently, the kitchen never got or order. so, the mussels get to us...the problem: i get the wrong order. i ordered the thai mussels because they were dairy-free. but, instead, i got the provencale. the waiter took the mussels back; then, he returned a short time later with the same pot of mussels and the manager. she claimed that the kitchen changed my order to the provencal because the thai mussels have dairy. i pointed out that the menu clearly states that they are dairy-free. she said, "no, they have coconut milk." i asked if it was plain coconut milk because i know some places mix it with cream. when she said that it was in fact just coconut milk, i told her that coconut milk is not dairy. she condescendingly told me i was wrong and that all coconut milk has dairy in it. how are you the manager of a restaurant and think that coconut milk is dairy?! she finally said that she would get my order of thai mussels. at that point, i was pissed, hungry, and my husband's mussels were getting cold. so, i told her to just leave the provencale. during that entire exchange, the waiter (the nice one) actually looked embarrassed and ashamed that he worked there. in addition to that debacle, our drinks were never refilled, we were never asked if we wanted more wine, and no one ever checked on us. when we got our check, which also took an insane amount of time, we were shocked that they didn't take the mussels off of our check. we were going to complain, but just wanted to get the hell out of there. by the way, we weren't the only ones with issues. of the 3 parties that came and went at the table next to us, 2 had problems. one of them was charged wrong on their bill. they had to argue with the waiter to fix the amount. the other was brought the wrong order. between those errors and the ones i dealt, there was not a single apology.the entire dining experience was over 2 hours of misery! we came here for lunch party of 4 during the weekend. no reservations were needed the restaurant was really large and there were plenty of seats opened. the service was good and the food was ok. we ordered the different moules mussels options. they have a lot of beer options and it's a good spot for a larger group. a bit noisy, but my mussels were plump, excellent. flavorful broth.  the beer was good, too.  belgo's no longer offers "beat the clock" but it was still fair value for london central. not a bad place to enjoy belgium foods but better if there are more variation on menus. ambience is not bad at all. however, it may turns out to be a very noisy place due to a large number of group. fun venue in a large, cavernous, subterranean setting. you head down either a warehouse-style elevator or metal-caged stairway into a maze of brick-lined arched tunnels branching off in different directions with long benches that make for great cavorting with large groups.the food is not bad, and even traditional belgian items like mussels come in gigantic kettles that are worthy conversation starters in and of themselves. also, the belgian beer selection is amazingly extensive and covers different styles, including trappist, gueuze, and fruit beers.the adventure even extends to the unisex bathroom with the communal washing fountain. potentially makes for quite an interesting location to practice those pick-up lines on folks. belgo's has gone way down in quality. this was my first time back in a couple years, and i was sad to see it's not good anymore. pros: interesting concept, cheap for london, food is ok. cons: tired decor, french fries were average at best (lukewarm and not crisp), which is a bit of a crime for a belgian restaurant, and less than stellar service (slow, inattentive, & unfriendly). we had to request spoons, which should be a given when serving mussels in broth. also, the bread is soft instead of toasted or hard crust baguette, so when you dip it in the broth, it disintegrates. overall, it's not terrible, but when you go to london with so many great choices, it doesn't make the grade. i won't be going back. i remember more than a dozen years ago when i came to london for work meetings always looking forward to an evening with dinner and a show. my coworkers, who were far more senior than me let me tagged along and introduced me to belgo.i finally came back today for lunch. it's a tiny door to get in, and then you descend into this gigantic basement full of tables, bars, and a massive open kitchen. it's like a warehouse environment with the waitresses dressed in black and waiters dressed like european soccer players. their specialties are mussels, fries, and belgium style beer!i started with a pint of strawberry fruli beer - one of my favorites since it's sweet and goes down smoothly. the foam reminded me of cream from asian bubble teas! i was also surprised to see banana, coconut, cherry, and black currant beers as well!for lunch i got the 1-kg bucket of mussels, served traditional style, which is a light garlic white wine broth with parsley, onions and celery. mussels were fresh and tasty. despite being smaller than ones i've had in the usa there were so many of them it took a while! they offer bread also if you like to dip the broth. fries came with the order and were seasoned, and crispy. this place is probably funner with a group, since you can mix and match from a dozen or so different preparations of mussels from your friends. plus you might get to try more of their wonderful beers! we really wanted to like this place. we basically had dessert for dinner, and the waffles we got were good, but not extravagantly so. my wife is belgian and we love belgian food, but man... the service was so slow as to really put us out. we know that american and european standards for restaurant service are a little different, and we're not insulted by needing to ask for the check or anything, but these waiters seemed to studiously avoid our direction when we were trying to get their attention. to top it off, it was really cold where we were seated. so.... not a good experience. original belgian food in london for a fair price. this really is as good as it gets. :) pretty good, not amazing. the place is huge and maze-like, with lots of different areas and plenty of seating. well-cooked and generous mussel portions, perfectly decent frites, and good but slightly odd beer selection. let me clarify, since beer is very important to me.the tap list is a little weak, with mostly mild-flavored, low-abv beers. my wife ordered a brugse zot blonde, which turned out to be one of the weakest belgian blondes either of us had ever had. she only drank a few sips. the bottle list is better, but not all in stock. i tried to order the only trappist ale i'd never had before, an achel brune, but got a distinctly cool reception on that from the waitress, who said she didn't know if they had it (hm, okay) and strongly recommended the straffe hendrik instead. the latter was excellent, exactly what i wanted, so no harm, no foul, but the response was odd.which brings me to the low point; the service. our waitress was a little scary - unsmiling, abrupt, and difficult to find when we needed refills on water or the check. a few other people came by the table to check on us, but it was difficult to tell whether they could serve us or not. so ultimately, a 3.5-star experience. good mussels, some good beer, odd service, middling prices. might go back if i'm craving mussels and belgian beers i already know well. might try somewhere else. make a reservation!! there was a wait and almost ran out of moules. i came back the next day and it was much better. beat the clock deals make coming here worth it as well. i ordered the mussels and fries with the cream based sauce. tables here are arranged close together and coat hangers do get taken up quickly during the winter hours. next time i visit london, i'll be back! i just love a good cream sauce. one i always make a point to come to while in london! cool sub-basement setting where you can dine in the restaurant portion or the beer garden (common table seating). the beer list is fantastic, the setting is trendy/cozy, and the mussels are not to be missed! looks like they have opened up many more locations, but this one by far has the coolest vibe and setting.i was a little bummed they no longer great you with schnapps at your table, but they seem to still have it on the menu as an option. ah well, just make up for it with another round of beer! this is definitely not the place you will go if you are planning for a quiet dinner. located at the basement with low ceiling, we feel like hearing surround sound everywhere. we are here for the mussels, traditional style is the flavour to go for, and also don't miss out the sauce (soup) at the bottom they are so fresh and tasty, i imagine adding some rice to it so we can have seafood congeethey gave us some lobster tattoo stickers after the dinner, where my goddaughter loved it and put it on right away. you cannot do better unless you go to belgium. forget the menu - order the full order of mussels with frites. chase them down with a duvel or a leffe or similar belgian brew. have 2-3 beers at lunch and say to hell with it all!  this place is a celebration. the way this place operates and the unique food is just neat. but it is food that is very very rich and high in fat so be prepared to eat a salad for days afterwards.they have a stunning array of beers and they are mussle worshippers so you must order that.it's a little loud because locals come here for their kids' birthdays but it's totally worth it. great space in the basement too. great food and good beer!fun place to go for good food and good beer! interesting themed restaurant serving belgium food and beer. great fun for a night out! we had vegetarian and meet dishes and all was tasty. the highlight was the beer! i visited belgo central during beer festival week and the atmosphere was electric. here is a great place to try a variety of beers and one of the few places in london with a good selection of fruit beers. the mussels are served in a good value heap and tasty creamy sauce and the vegetarian starter platter comes with an addictively delicious cheese as well as satisfyingly crunchy carrot sticks and celery. there was also a wonderful live band that night. as such, belgo can deliver a joyous all-round dining experience.	1	1	1	0	0
 decided to check this spot out after reading reviews on yelp prior to our jack the ripper tour, it did not disappoint. luckily we had made a booking online in advance as the restaurant remained busy through the evening. it is so cute and quaint, request the outdoor seating of possible, he view of the tour bridge is stunning in the evening.i ordered a starter of garlic bread which was delicious but not too filling before our mains. my boyfriend had the coppa club hot pizza which was delicious, and i had the carbonara. the sauce was so creamy and it was perfect paired with penne pasta instead of the spaghetti. will definitely come back, prices were so good for the location too! not to be missed in london. traveling alone is difficult enough, and unfortunately this restaurant decided to add to the headache. on a thursday evening i walked up to coppa and asked if there were any seats available at the bar for one. he hostess said no, then said 'well you can just get a drink', then said 'and maybe some nibbles'. when i told her this was fine with me, she said 'well maybe they will serve you a burger or something'. it was the oddest welcome i have ever had at a restaurant! when i assured her this would work for me, she moved to the side and said 'well come in then'. i felt as though i had been through some kind of initiation process. i found a single seat at the bar, and the bartender came over quick enough given how busy they were. i ordered a glass of wine and asked for a food menu for the bar. he said the entire menu was available, which was quite confusing given my experience with the hostess. anyway, i ordered the crab and avocado appetizer (surprisingly different than what i was hoping for) and the super greens salad (great!). the bartender automatically served me the larger glass of wine (yay?) so would recommend future diners tell them the size they would like up front. overall, i don't know i will be back. even if i were there with my usual entourage, i'd rather patronage a restaurant that treats their customers well. we stopped in here for a drink while debating on attending the bbc good food feast at tower of london. both the interior and exterior of the building are beautifully designed, clean, and inviting. we grabbed drinks from the bar and a seat outside with a great view of the tower bridge. michael had the best espresso martini that i had ever tasted. i had a very refreshing elderflower & passion fruit spritz that went down a little too nicely. the next time i go back i'm 100% sitting and dining in one of the cabanas. they are so beautiful!for more on my travels & where i'm imbibing, visit thesportysommelier.com & on ig at @thesportysommelier vip dubai escorts services dubai+971588404867you should try our dubai escorts services this is new indian escorts horizons provide your hotel room and for your sex time that you can try in pakistani escorts in dubai city. the location, ambience, and stunning view of the tower bridge earns this business any stars. seriously...the dripping wisteria from the pergolas are enough to stop and sip on some vino while copping the perfect backdrop for your next snapshot. the food and service, on the other hand, leaves much to be desired. i ordered the crispy fried squid and the flash steak and fries. i was impressed by neither. both bland and made me want to ask for hot sauce...something i don't typically do, nor did i. london has been a stunning place to visit, but i've yet to dine in an establishment that knocks my socks off...this one included. tragic. service was lackluster as well. there were two other tables around us who also seemed frustrated with the lack of presence from the staff. one customer finally got up to find their server as the other severs scoffed. not impressed. i really love dining here, as they have a lovely outside space overlooking the thames. however, they have just changed their setting from igloos to cabanas a couple of days ago, and an outside bar. so looked to check it out for lunch.looks very pretty covered with imitation wisterias and greenery (looks very real), and very comfortable seating with outdoor sofas and wicker armchairs. there is a strip of space heaters above on the structure, but it does not give out much heat, because of the surrounding wisterias, they can only be set as low. blankets were also available for the cooler weather, like today, but when the sun peeped out from the cloudy sky, it was very pleasant. it is always nice eating alfresco, and food seems to tastes better. we started with the sticky chorizo sausages with honey, mustard and smoked paprika glaze, and garlic bread. all very delicious. wish the portions were a bit more generous though. for mains we ordered the flash steak with watercress and skinny fries, and the corn-fed chicken with lemony rosemary juices,house slaw & skinny fries. the steaks came either medium raw or medium well done, although when you asked for medium well done, it came medium raw! as steaks go, it was not particularly tasty, very average. the chicken, however, was really succulent, tender and very tasty. do try their homemade berry lemonade with cherry puree, blueberry & blackcurrant cordial, fresh lime and lemonade, or their orange and passion fruit cooler, with passion fruit, lime,freshly squeezed orange which is very tangy and refreshing but i thought too much ice, and not enough drink. however, i much preferred the elderflower and mint limonata with elderflower, fresh lime and mint and soda. a really comfortable and pleasant way to dine, with lovely views, and probably during the summer nights with the night views lit up, the ambiance would probably be even nicer. another reason to come back. this place was worth for 4 stars due to the great location it's next to the tower bridge and with great views. with the food it could be 3.5 but i don't have the option. the service was pretty good but again the food wasn't that amazing as well. is that true the food not one of the attractions in uk?i had the rib eye steak and it was a little chewy. i like the patio but they didn't have heaters at the patio?? i noticed they might provide the blanket but who want to use the blanket that other ppl used?overall, this place still worth to go due to the great views. i think this this the best breakfast and brunch i ever have..if not the location if too far out...if would go back every weeks. lovely interior design decorated with bar and open kitchen style. exterior south facing terrace seating area given you the best views of london bridge and river thames. the restaurant served wide range selection of breakfast, brunch, wine, beer and cocktails. the breakfast taste good and the price is reasonable. i would go to try again on the difference menu if i'm down that area. i apologize for the tardiness of the review. ate there on oct. 30,2016. we were a group of 4 and it was the first night of the igloos. we were able to dine in one & it was very cool. look forward to trying their cabana next. we started with the truffled fried gnocchi. pretty good but would be better with a touch of truffle salt. someone else ordered the bruschetta. it was a very small portion. impossible to share with more than 2 people. i had the nice house salad starter. loved the avocado in it & dressing was tasty. for my entree i ordered the 1/2 portion of crab linguini. it was delicious and i regretted not ordering full size portion. we went ahead and ordered some bread to go with our dinners. it is phenomenal. i imagine they make their pizzas from the same dough, so i look forward to going back to try one. we had excellent servers. very friendly & helpful. enjoyed a late lunch here after visiting the tower of london. my wife and i split a pasta dish and a pizza, just right to cover lunch but not spoil our appetite for afternoon tea a few hours later .the igloos seem to have been replaced with a row of cabanas along the river walk. each is shielded in plastic with lights and a heat lamp, and an open side towards the restaurant. each cabana has one, two, or three tables depending on sizes.a great spot to sit and watch the river walk traffic go by. skating at the ice rink or sightseeing at the tower of london? if you find yourself by this historic landmark, i recommend sauntering over for a cozy bite to eat!situated a few buildings away from the tower of london and right by the riverside, the coppa club is a prime location to dine while enjoying the sights. they even have these clear hemisphere shaped pods for outside seating that instantly draw your attention and envy--although i imagine the people inside might feel like they are on display or animals at a zoo exhibit. anyway, those pods were all reserved when we talked to the greeter, so call early if you want to eat in one of those!there was no line when we went in on a weekend night although there was a fair amount of people inside. the place seems spacious, with a bar area as well as traditional dining area. stepping out of the biting cold, we were taken to the back and quickly got settled.with your typical fare, salads, pasta, steak, fish, etc, i ordered the trout. our server wasn't particularly helpful in the decision process nor did he seem particularly cordial or patient.the food took a bit of time to arrive but wasn't too long that i noticed the time passing. being the uncultured fish connoisseur that i am, i was surprised when i took a bite of it and thought it tasted exactly like salmon! guess i can't really taste the difference.i thought the trout was satisfactorily tender and the skin was perfectly crispy. the citrus flavor from the orange was a great touch, and the side of couscous (or some thing resembling that) was a great pairing. my only complaint was that i wish the portion size was a bit bigger. i guess you should probably order an appetizer too if you come here.i would recommend booking the outside pod dining experience if you know you will be around the tower bridge area! out for a walk along the thames i came across the coppa club and had to have a bite and a beer since the area was so picturesque.after ordering some sticky chorizo sausage and crispy fried truffled gnocchi and then a beer on the terrace i sat down to watch the world go by, people watch and enjoy life.i couldn't have picked a better place.the staff was nice, the food was good and the view for people watching next to the tower of london was excellent.if what i had was a good example for the rest of the food, i can't imagine anything here being less than great. i would have gone back if i'd had the chance and my stay had been longer.sit outside and enjoy the view. it's lovely. what an awesome restaurant! we went here due to the views of the london bridge and were shocked by the excellent food as well as the service. we wanted so badly to stay in one of the outdoor igloos, however, they are fully booked until 2018. i will certainly be back on my next trip to london. great tourist place. sat outside under the clear domes with fur covered seats and blankets. they were also heated. had the british sirloin with fries. it was cooked well and tasted fine. cider was great. had sticky toffee pudding for dessert. quick lunch before going to london towers...not impressed, the outside ambiance was very inviting though...the only thing on the menu that spoke to me was the coppa burger which was aged beef. i don't know if it's because i'm american and used too the processing but this burger had a weird smell and taste to me. we were sort of in a hurry so we asked if we could get it rather quickly and they obliged but my burger didn't have lettuce or anything when the only thing i said i didn't want was tomato. my friend enjoyed her chicken breast and the other had a salad. the fries were thin and didn't seem fresh. our waiter, lucas was nice but sort of soft spoken for such a loud place. my wife and i chose to stop in at the coppa club on our way to the train station after a weekend trip. the service was mediocre at best and at most points it took us around 5 minutes to get the attention of our waiter, he was too busy taking pictures for a group of young women seated nest to us to pay us any mind. the worst part came when my wife found a small metal screw in her baked chorizo eggs. she bit down on what she thought was a piece of bone and instead spit out a roughly 3mm metal screw. this is the first time anything like this had ever experienced something like this and in my shock i forgot to take pictures of the actual screw, what i do have is photos of the report we were asked to fill out. the worst part of this whole experience is that i have had to call and ask repeatedly for copies of the report as we debate whether or not to press legal action. we have still not heard anything from an actual person. the cocktails are overpriced, the apps are mediocre, the service sucks, and the kitchen needs a metal detector. avoid. after three attempts at reserving the staff finally figured out they may be incompetent. food awful, staff idiotic. what a waste of a good spot. the manager who'd rather remain out of sight was grateful that we walked out after trying this place again. i couldn't criticise this place enough. nice modern gentleman club feel inside and good view and seating outside.this is only a coffee review, i didn't end up trying the food but the plates coming out looked good. :)flat white: serving staff: they were very kind and helpful also they made sure we had water on our table all time so we stay hydrated. bad point: we waited close to 20 minutes for the bill, it would be great if they would have mobile app payment solution! (like pandapay) it's right on the water. the waitstaff is awesome. food is good. i was really pleased. we were fortunate enough to dine for breakfast in one of the "snowglobe igloos". they were comfortable and heated. service was fast and friendly. prices reasonable for four people. enjoyed the avocado mash, salmon and eggs, pancakes and smoothie with croissant. dining room looks relaxing and modern. would return again for the novelty of the igloos. very cool restaurant and bar. my family was served quickly and given the option of sitting in one of the igloos.the only complaint i have was that the full breakfast had toast instead of fried bread. dinner in an igloo? count me in! my husband and i discovered coppa when we decided to venture off to get a nice shot of the tower bridge and noticed that there were igloos and people eating in them! we knew right away that we had to experience this since it's our first time visiting in london! we decided to come back two hours later only to be told that the igloos were all booked for the night. however, by the luck of god, the booking was cancelled and we were able to be seated in one of the igloos! yay, us! we were not that hungry to begin with so we ordered a couple of tapas to share. they were amazing, by far the best food i've had in london! we ordered the fried squid, king prawn, full sourdough bread and a maple bourbon drink. everything was delicious! great way to end our last night in london! thank you, coppa club! coppa club aka nope-a club!we were seated right away on a saturday night at about 9pm (didn't expect much of a wait for a later service anyhow). didn't make reservations so didn't sit in the igloos. our server greeted us with a bottle of water and a joke and asked us where we were from. he gave us some time to take our order. took our order, still seemed amicable. and then after a bit the bartender brought over our drinks and our starters arrived. our main courses arrived almost 30 min after we received our starters and the rib eye i ordered to be medium rare was well done. i don't normally send it back, but we were celebrating my birthday and i thought i deserved a steak done how i liked it on my birthday! so i asked our server and he apologized and sent it back. meanwhile, my sister finished her entree (crab linguine - not too bad). and i ate some of the house salad i ordered as a side. avocados were passably ripe and some of the lettuce was past it's freshness (we could tell even in the dim light!) while waiting for food, i saw a server lift up another colleague ... just casually carried her sideways and talking with another colleague as she was dangling there. later on she went to address a table next to us and bent over the table ... guess who was trying to eat her starter with a derrire next to her (yours truly). and we observed our server running around all stressed. we also overheard conversation about crying patrons and witnessed a lady complaining to a server. it seems tensions were high with the staff and there might've even been issues with servers taking each other's tables? that was our best guess. it's like everywhere we looked, there was drama unfolding which really took away from our service. it ended up becoming quite entertaining though. food tasted mediocre by the time it arrived and i can't say anything particularly remarkable about it. oh! for you drama lovers - we didn't know the actual story behind the complaining lady but she talked to multiple staff and we eventually saw the doorman/security walk with her. our server came to ask us if we were done eating and he seemed frustrated so we didn't ask him for the dessert menu, and to be honest, by then i wanted to have it elsewhere anyway, if that meant salvaging a very underwhelming birthday. i wasn't mad at our server as he got seemingly distracted and visibly frustrated as the night when on, i actually felt terrible. coppa gets 1 point for effort, but 0.5 for execution and i'll give them 1 for food. brunch with the boys has never been so magical from the breakfast margaritas and americanos to the eggs benedicts and pasta carbonara, it was nothing but pure elegance. group morale is at an all time high. this london trip has been an emotional roller coaster but thanks to coppa we are all happy as a hippo. we were a big fan of the staff and the ambience of the restaurant. it's conveniently located next to the tower of london and all kinds of other great british things. prices were not bad at all for such a great place. the eggs benedict on the salmon though probably my new favorite breakfast item. so tasty, fam! i wouldn't lie to you. strongly recommend great view with excellent appetizers and delicious tea! outside seating area is beautiful . we enjoyed it a lot! nice place, good ambiance, however, the staff seems to attempt to project themselves as a bit pretentious, and the alcohol selection is very limited. the food is decent, and i would eat here again. reserve the great view from the outdoor igloo seating. also good to mention that the igloo seating is a several hour wait, so reserve it earlier in the day. came here on vacation and i was able to get a seat with a view of tower bridge. the food was delicious, i had the chicken liver and super green salad i believe. the only reason why it's not 5 stars is the service was extremely slow and i couldn't get a box for "take away" but if you want to have a drink a long the river, some good food with an amazing view then this is the spot! had two visits to the coppa club so far (a monday and a friday), and will definitely be returning. very stylish looking place overlooking the river, gorgeous views (especially if you can nab a seat outdoors or by the large windows). quality of food & drinks were top notch and reasonably priced for the city. complimentary water regularly topped up too. surprisingly, the bar wasn't too packed despite being a great location for both city workers and tourists (though i'd still recommend booking if there's a big group of you). the service upbeat and friendly, the only downside being that the drinks occasionally took a while to come out - i assume because the cocktails are popular and the bartenders take their time over them. we ate lunch at the bar and even though they indicated there might be an additional wait for the food, there was no delay. the food was very good. we had the marghertia pizza and the crust was the perfect blend of chewy and flavorful despite being a thin crust. the salad we ordered was fresh with just the amount of dressing. and the view of the bridge and river was the perfect backdrop. worst service ever. we came for the igloos. on the website, they advertise that you can walk in and share igloos. we saw not only two igloos but also ones with open tables in them. we sat down inside instead and were not asked what we would like to order for at least 15 minutes. i asked for a bowl of fruit and she said she would have to check if they could accommodate that because they only served it for lunch. my friend's food came out and she had finished and we still waited for my bowl of fruit. no apologies and we have only seen our waitress twice. will never be returning.	1	1	1	0	1
 this is upscale indian food in a charming location. it's a quiet, elegant setting so perfect for dates. we went for dinner and weren't disappointed - each dish was as flavorful as it was lovely.they have a very creative drinks list - i had something that included bubbles & lemon sorbet, so what's not to like there?! and their version of papadums with chutney was far from ordinary as well! make sure to save room for dessert, which will help take some of the heat off your mouth.service was lovely and both the vegetarian and meat options were ample. this is great if you're looking for an upscale option without breaking the bank. excellent restaurant. superb service, great and diverse amount of wine (including a fantastic red wine from india - who knew?!), and anything lamb is a yes. we did the 7 course tasting menu with wine pairing and it was amazing.the restaurant can get super loud even during the week, but it is london so that should be expected. there is lots of space to walk around and doesn't feel super crowded which is nice.i would definitely recommend going here. it's worth the price and well deserving of its michelin star. trishna was my first taste of michelin-starred indian dining. i opted for the 2-dish lunch course worth 20, coincidentally also making it one of the cheapest stars ever. i would have loved to grant it a perfect score, but i felt somewhat tricked into paying extra.after i finished both the appetizer and main course, the server presented me with the dessert menu. i thought his wording was very misleading when he asked, "so which of these would you like to order?" that led me to incorrectly assume that dessert was already included. i would have preferred if he said something more along the lines of "would you be interested in dessert as well?" i ended up paying 6 more, for a total of 26. oh well - still affordable and at least it was delicious! we had dinner at trishna our last night before leaving the uk. it was an exceptional dinning experience. we started with the (rich, gamy, and spicy) quail pepper fry and the very generous portion of tandoori lamb chops.the second course of sag paneer and lamb curry was great. they do not skimp on the spices. the king cobra beer quenched our thirst and went well with the spicy fare. a michelin-starred restaurant for a casual lunch? why not? with a lunchtime menu of two courses for 20, trishna isn't the cheapest place to eat in marylebone but it looked worth trying out.i ordered the quail, seafood pilau, bread and potato fry. the starter was small, but well-flavoured and absolutely delicious. it had a kick that kept building afterwards, with my mouth eventually on fire, but it was worth it. i do have a low tolerance to heat though, i'm not sure how vindaloo fiends would find it.the main was enormous. i'm not sure how much seafood was actually in my pilau, but it was still tasty. the side of potato fry was the star. could happily have eaten it as a main.onto the gripes...the waiter insisted on explaining what our mains were despite my colleague's attempts to get his attention and explain he had brought her the wrong dish. he immediately doubled checked his pad rather than taking her word at face value and whilst he apologised, he didn't do anything to compensate her for having her main arrive late. nothing off the bill, no special extra drink or side - in a good restaurant, this happens as standard.despite a lunch booking, a near empty restaurant and only two courses, it took over 90 minutes to turn our table. i can't imagine how long it takes when the restaurant is actually busy.good food, average service, expensive. i wouldn't have pegged this as a michelin star restaurant - if you want a michelin indian experience, try benares.although i am admittedly still craving more of that quail... excellent food.i still dream of the cod dish and crab dish. i highly recommend you order those two.the fritters lacked. i would skip those even though k know u r thinking, how could the fritters be a no go? all fritters - the shrimp and the cuttlefish...the batter was a little dry, cold, too thick....it wasn't a wow...that was the only weakness. go for the non alcoholic drinks too. they have coconut and passion fruit plus they r sweet like candy. also...i wish they just sold a basket of coconut nan!man...i would eat the entire bakery dedicating the,selves on making coconut nan.desert: the mango ice cream w noodles and condensed milk sauce was my fave. i wanted to chug the condensed milk good indian food that does not rise above the level of a great indian meal prepared by that favourite aunt. will need to hookup michelin star awarding critics to such an aunt asap. for this price point might as well eat at dishoom.....though you might not drink from an as refined wine list to accompany your mutton korma (but you'll pay far less). one of the best high end indian restaurants in london. imho. the service, food and cocktails at trishna are all of a high quality. you've got to dine a la cart, with a group of 4-6. but be sure to heed the recommendations from your host! we went off grid a bit, and ordered the dorset brown crab main: super rich and way too much for us 4. it needs to be split between 6, at least, and to be paired with bread. the tulsi scallops from the tandoor were delicious, be sure to order plenty. the paneer tikka anardana was pretty addictive, the malawi jheenga curry also.i can't say the hyderabadi dal was memorable, but if anything leaves a sour taste - i'd highly recommend you wash it down with nimbu drop.just be careful to stay alert for the steep descent to the bathroom. located in the lovely surrounding of marylebone high street, this place is nice and cosy and does not look like your typical indian curry houses. i must say the customer service was great (10/10). food wise i went in with higher expectation considering this is a michelin stared place. i thought the taste would be amazing and out of this world but was a bit disappointed as much as it hurts me to say it. the cooking style weren't innovative but you will defiantly appreciate the texture on some of the food as it's cooked to perfection and can taste all the ingredients although it's a bit bland or an acquired taste. i would defiantly recommend it for special occasions only considering the steep price but equally i may rather opt for veeraswamy on regents street instead. being located it a predominantly white area, the place gets full with americans and europeans so you will get stared at if your asian like me. you may get the odd one or two people looking at your food and asking what your having but it's only as they're curious. lovely lovely indian restaurant. will be back for sure. delicious lamb chops. chutneys great. crab curry fabulous. bindi amazing. lemon rice delightful with cashew sprinkle. aubergine the best we've had outside of india. kheer v good. falooda would skip next time and also hard to eat with a small spoon. i think this place was pretty mediocre overall. at least, i'd recommend vegetarians look elsewhere.getting a reservation is challenging like many well known london restaurants appear to be. once you are there, the service was reasonably attentive. they do seem to push the 5/7 course tasting menu, along with some wine pairings. we did the a la carte option, but it ended up being similar to the 5 course option since there are so few vegetarian options (though i think we did better price wise going a la carte).all in all, our mains were restricted to an eggplant chettinad (was ok, nothing special) and a berry pillau (not particularly good at all, but not objectionable). i thought the paneer tikka appetizer was tasty, but not unique. the bread/butter pudding was the best item we had, but that isn't a high complement given the comparison set.it might be a matter of me having misaligned expectations, but i'm not coming back here. i've honestly been to very few an indian restaurant with so few vegetarian options, let alone having not a single vegetarian dish i would want to eat again . visiting london after a two decade hiatus. found trishna upon some heavy but thin food blog r&d so didn't really know what to expect- other than a pleasant environment. we were exceedingly pleased with the decor, service, drinks, food! it's not your neighborhood's standard indian fare. rather, a michelin-starred take on the standards with an eye for precise flair and a mind for creative twists.i'm no culinary pro but i'd upgrade trishna to the "...worth a detour" category if you're visiting london. excellent food, great service, wonderful seafood. a rare treasure. arrived 30 min prior to closing, and still was able to have a fantastic meal. very different indian cuisine than what we're used to in the states, they called it coastal indian cuisine. ordered bread ( three types of bread: traditional naan, sweet version with coconut, and a savory herbed one), fried cuttlefish and shrimp for appetizer, then lemon rice and chicken thigh kurma as main. the star of the meal was the shrimp!!!!! it was spicy but this lemony, peppery flavor washes over your entire mouth and leaves you wanting to devour the entire plateful!!! the other items were all really great as well; cuttlefish, i may not order again because in comparison to everything else it was just ok.then we found out later that the restaurant received a michelin 1 star. i can see what. still hankering for that shrimp! my first michelin star dinner and best indian food ever!trying a michelin star restaurant was on my bucketlist. we chose trishna, because my boyfriend and i love spicy indian food.the restaurant is very classy and perfect for a romantic dinner. the staff is quick and polite. they never forget that i have a dairy allergy and that boyfriend doesn't eat seafood. we started with prosecco and indian aperitif, the spices in the sauces were perfect....different flavours and spicy without crying. the prosecco was fresh and soft. the starter: i didn't share, because i was craving for kolhapuri jheenga aka shrimp, ginger and smoked chilli chutney. forget the shrimp tempura! these shrimps are better. the combination of spicy flavors....this is shrimp heaven (well,for me then -)).main dishes: boyfriend and i always want to try the lamb chops and curry and we chose for the lamb version. the lamb meat was soft and the spices...nomnom!although the portions are not too big, we were full after 2 courses. my dessert was a herbal tea. all the wines were excellent choices but the are really expensive. this is the most expensive but also the best indian restaurant i ever tried. but hey, you will get more than one pie per course so you won't get hungry after this dinner. this is indian foodie heaven! what a great experience! restaurants like trishna are not a common feature: great food included in different menu options (early dinner, a la carte, tasting menu), good and friendly service, chic but not stiff ambiance and last, reasonable prices for a michelin restaurant. we came here for early dinner before our saturday night and enjoyed our visit very much. i opt'ed for early dinner and my husband ordered a biryani and tandoori. corkage fee is 25 for a bottle in case you are bringing your own bottle. we will be back! super old school, quiet, restaurant in a great area in marylebone. service was painfully, and i mean painfully slow. servers were nice enough when they finally got to you, but that took forever. they had the smallest wine pour i've ever seen as well. food was good - nothing overly exceptional, which i didn't expect as they are sisters with gymkhana. if you're looking for a happening spot with incredible service and food, this isn't it, i'm sorry to say. but nice food in a quiet neighborhood if you're hungry for indian and have a lot of time to wait! i kinda wish i didn't know this place had a michelin star because i think i must have judged it differently. trishna is a very nice indian restaurant, good food decent service but it's really nowhere near the quality of a michelin star restaurant.  the service especially fell short (they didn't even offer to take my girlfriend's coat) but also the plates, glasses etc were pretty humble. again, not what you'd expect. the main issue is that with the star comes higher costs. we came in on a restaurant festival deal but it was still 130 for two with wine. the curries were excellent was the naan was only ok and the the mango yoghurt dessert was frankly diabolical. it tastes like it came out of a can with a grainy texture. trisha was super bomb. i had a game menu which blew my mind, every course was better than the last.short but sweet, like lots of thing wink wink this was a fun place to start my london trip. came here on a friday night with two foodies who far outrank me in terms of michelin stars experienced and i left the ordering to them. i was a bit worried when i read a few reviews and it mentioned dressy. my friends and i were more on the casual end, and it was fine (sweaters, jeans, shirt dress).we started with cocktails - i got a chili royale (their twist on a kir royale, a champagne cocktail), complete with a hot pepper on the side! my friends both go the kumquat caipirinha (good enough to order a second round!). i liked the small details of the cloth napkins served under the drinks to catch the condensation (vs. a paper napkin that turns into pieces and gets stuck on the table).for dinner we had (maybe too many) dishes for three, but most was finished by the end. we started with papadums with chutney (tomato with shrimp and a mango), both tasty. next came out kolhapuri jheenga (shrimp with a tangy sauce for dipping), quail pepper fry (thankfully boneless), and (the most amazing) aloo chat. the aloo chat came in a vermicelli bowl and had a lovely yogurt sauce on top - i'm getting hungry remembering it! next round we had the duke keema naan, lamb masala, lemon rice and nilgiri paneer. i had never had filled naan before, and this one left me lacking - but my experience has only been with plain and garlic, maybe i was looking for more flavor or maybe i just don't know good naan - i'd try this again just to be sure. the lamb masala and lemon rice were very tasty, but for me a bit standard (nothing against that!). i'm not a fan of paneer, but both my friends enjoyed it.a very tasty dinner with friends! i'd come back to explore more of the menu! it very much pains me to give trishna an average rating because their food is quite tasty. their service is so terrible, however, that i have to give this place just 3 stars.ambiance is great. restaurant is pretty in an understated way. it was about 1/2 full at lunch today.service is a huge problem here. not sure if the gentleman in the suit is the owner or manager but he was utterly unfriendly and unhelpful. i felt like i was inconveniencing him by asking questions about the menu. and yet he was super friendly and patient with another couple who arrived after us. not sure how we rubbed him the wrong way?our waiter was nice enough but a bit difficult to understand (english wasn't his first language). i chalk his lack of attention up to the fact he was the only waiter working the entire restaurant. we had to constantly flag him down for water, the check, etc.food is great, as i mentioned above:-- aloo chat is delicious. loved the presentation in the potato basket. definitely order this.-- mattar hing ki tikki was very good but spicy. again, presentation was fantastic.-- tandoori lamb chops were inedible due to the unbelievable spice level and fattiness. the owner / manager gave us a hard time about sending this back but after going back and forth he finally took it off the bill. the whole conversation was awkward.-- hyderbadi dal was good. not the best dal we've had but good.-- basmati rice was nothing special and a bit strange in texture. i wish we'd ordered the lemon rice.-- saag aloo was very good. potatoes were perfectly cooked and the spinach was fresh.-- bread basket was good. the naan and roti were excellent, the kulcha not so good.overall i am disappointed in this restaurant. i really want to return for the food but just can't justify dealing with the service again. i understand trishna has a michelin star and thus expected excellent service to match the excellent food. too bad they failed to deliver. came by here to try another of the superb michelin starred indian establishments in london. the venue is quite small, and not overly fancy. the staff was very friendly and attentive. we opted to get 5 course tasting menus. it was quite an amazing meal of various flavors and tastes. it's a huge amount of food, but it's so good. i would come back in a heartbeat. the only mix up was i ordered a drink and they forgot about it, but brought it later when i mentioned it. they removed the drink from the bill. i have been here twice now and great experience each time. the food is memorable and delicious-- the chat and lamb chops are to die for and the cocktails are not to be missed. the second time i visited i didn't have a reservation and was able to dine outside-- it was a tad chilly but the very hospitable hostess brought me blankets and it was quite cozy. the service was both attentive and relaxed and everyone helped guide me towards an epic meal. have you been to trishna? that's the question i get all the time when i tell people i live in marylebone. so for lunch one day i decided to give it a try. i found on opentable that they have an express lunch where you can pick from their "meat, fish or vegetarian" menu and you receive three dishes, rice, dal and a glass of house wine. i thought that this was a pretty good deal. i show up with my dog and was their very first diner at 12.15 pm. all three people at the host stand just stared at me. i finally pointed to one of the three tables outside and said "can i sit there?" i don't think they have many diners come with their dogs.food: i chose the vegetarian menu of the express lunch which came with aloo chat (potato, masala chickpeas, tamarind, sweet yoghurt), bharli vangi (stuffed baby aubergine, aubergine pakora, aubergine chutney) and paneer tikka (fenugreek leaf, corn & green mango chat). it's also serviced with dal, a bread basket and basmati rice. it was well presented and all tasted good.drinks: i had a glass of white wine that the sommelier brought over which was included in the express lunch.price: 16.88 gbp for myself which was reasonable. ambiance: there's not much ambiance at trishna - at least not during lunch. maybe it's different at dinner.service: the service was ok. people were there if i needed something and the food came out quickly, but i wouldn't say they were friendly.would i go back? probably not because i didn't like the overall feel of my experience. the food was good, but there are a ton of other indian restaurants in london where i don't need to waste my time with one that's not friendly - even if it's around the corner from me. romantic din spot, for sure. classy spot without being douchey. not full of themselves like veeraswamy.i started with the regent's grand: vodka, crushed raspberry, pured peach, and guava. tasty and original, but next time i'll stick to wine (i think it would've paired better with my meal).to start, i ordered the aloo papdi chat: potato, masala, chickpea, yogurt. damn, so good.for my entree i had the palak paneer-good, but not as good as the one i had at roti chai in the dining area (downstairs) a couple of nights ago. i shared the lemon rice with my husband. rico:)! the bread selection was solid, with the coconut naan as the standout. i've never had anything like it. mind blown. i just added that to my last meal on earth list. they could've served me just that for my entree and i would've been straight. i could've done without the beetroot poriyal (the manager was so nice to take it off our bill without us even asking). good food, amazing service. would def go back:) one of the best meals in london thus far, easily deserving of their michelin star rating. this is an elegant and polished restaurant that achieves excellence without an ounce of pretension (unlike veeraswamy). service is exemplary and so is the coastal indian cuisine. the tandoori lamb chops and the lamb masala were the best lamb dishes i've ever had, hands down. the side dishes such as the palak paneer and beetroot poriyal were good but not great; just missing a touch of salt and perhaps a bit more seasoning. the coconut naan was heavenly, an inventive twist. if we lived here, this would be a venue to which we would return often. this was a very different experience from my first london dinner out in white chapel. trishna is a michelin starred indian restaurant, which is slightly more casual than its sister restaurant. they have some more interesting cocktails with tea and spice components, which goes with the menu. they also had things like mango lassis. we ordered everything family style a la carte, which ended up being a ton of food, and we got to try exactly what we wanted for less money than the tasting menus. the food was a lot more interesting than most high end indian food we find in the us.1. papadam and crackers (complimentary): the shrimp chutney had great flavor. it also came with a mango raita, which was fine on its own, but together with the shrimp one, it was much better*2. aloo chat: served in a in a nest of basically hash brown potatoes. the potatoes inside the dish reminded me of breakfast potatoes with tamarind sauce and yogurt. i liked the flavor and textures in this dish3. podi jheenga: fried pink prawns with chili, garlic, and smoked tomato chutney. this had a bit too much batter for me, but it had good spices on it *4. achari jheenga: black tiger prawn with pickle spice. it reminded of a yogurt marinated tandoori meat, but it was plump large shrimp inside. this dish was delicious but very spicy. it comes with some puffed rice on the side for texture *5. quail pepper fry: a good amount of quail for this dish (no bones). the spices reminded me a bit of muslim chinese food (i think it was mostly the cumin). the flavor was good, and it came with cherry tomatoes and green beans. this is a dish that's good with rice. i don't ever order quail, and this was pretty good6. dorset brown crab: very creamy - a bit too much for me. however, it was a good value since it was basically all de-shelled crab. it came with a garlic chive garnish, but with the creaminess, i thought it could have used some more salt and maybe a bit of acid 7. lamb nariyal masala: this dish reminded me of beef stew (in a good way) and was great for dipping naan 8. shellfish pilau: it doesn't look like a big bowl, but it's actually a lot of biryani. there was a good amount of tiger prawns, but i didn't get much in the way of lobster or scallops. it comes with a cucumber raita. i thought the rice could have used some more salt/seasoning, as well.*9. coastal bindhi: super tiny okra, chopped very fine, without any sliminess at all. this was the least oily and slimy okra i've ever had. i liked this a lot*10. palak paneer: also not overly greasy or creamy. there was a nice sear on the outside of the paneer. i thought they did both vegetable dishes very well 11. bread basket: 3 types of naan. these were kind of sad - not great in texture or flavor, and they were cold when we got them. * = i would get this againwe all ended up very full and couldn't finish any of the dishes completely since it was a substantial amount of food. the first round of appetizers were had were much more heavily spiced, and i think it made the second half of the meal seem almost bland by comparison. i did add some salt to some of the dishes, which enhanced it a lot. in the end, it was about 44/person including gratuity, which wasn't bad at all for what we got. we were visiting london and a chef friend recommended trishna. my husband and i came here for the early dinner set menu special. the service was really good and the food was super tasty. however, the food is very spicy! i'm not sure if they are able to adjust the spice, so for those who cannot handle spice, i would ask before ordering anything. also, you need to order the tea, it comes in a beautiful single serving cup and it tastes wonderful. i was lucky enough to be treated to a meal here through work a couple of weeks ago on diwali (obviously no one realised they'd booked the curry night on diwali until they told the asian on the team, but it gave us all the more reason to go for indian food!).after discovering younger sibling restaurant gymkhana was fully booked they went for this place, which made me very happy - it's been a good few years since i last visited but my overriding memory was that the lamb chops were to die for. special bonus was that they gave us their private dining room downstairs - a lovely space set for 12 people, all wood-panelled apart from one glass wall which looks through into the wine cellar. even better, they had a special diwali tasting menu on that night (with the lamb chops on woo!). whilst it's always amusing how my colleagues turn to me to order for the group at indian restaurants, this took the pressure off!it was a real treat of a meal - thanks to some attentive and unobtrusive service, and the fact that the food was just as tasty and flavourful as i remembered. the starter courses were all pre-plated and the stars of the meal - the lamb chop, chaat and a salmon course. the mains were just ok though served with a lovely selection of breads and soft parathas. dessert is never going to be an indian resto's strong point but the halwa was nice enough too. it was also the very first time in my life that i've actually sent a bottle of wine back for being spoiled. though it was a slight cheat - i was sitting next to the guy ordering the wines and he asked me for a second opinion, and i could only tell that it tasted different to the first bottle! had it arrived first i may well have guzzled it regardless... the sommelier came down though and agreed with us just by sniffing it!we emerged stuffed and happy, and they even gave us each a little box of mithai (indian sweets) on the way out as it was diwali. i definitely needed the walk back to the tube afterwards! it's a classy date place, or splurge on the tasting menus (5 or 7 courses for 45-60) with matching wines for a special occasion. also highly recommend booking the cosy private room for up to 12 peeps to make as much noise as you like! this is a lovely restaurant. the ambience is perfect - buzzy, warm but not so noisy you can't hear the rest of your table. the service was impeccable, and the food was delicious. beware! it's quite spicy, so make sure to highlight if you don't eat very hot food. i mentioned it was too spicy and and they actually remade my dish without chillis. my date and i had a set menu and it was great value - there was enough left over for the next day. they get very booked up so be sure to reserve.	0	0	1	0	0
 really charming place for a dinner date if you're in a tapas-y mood! the mister and i like to be epicurious so gravitated towards it as one of the less familiar chains in st katz docks, and although pretty busy already, they managed to find us a cosy table for two.the glass of sangria that speedily arrived was exaaactly what i wanted after a long day at the office. we ordered about 6 plates between us, split between the helpful categories of meat, fish, veg, etc. i'm a bit of a cheese fiend so the cheese platter was one of my faves, and we also enjoyed a tasty salmon special, the pan con tomate (a tapas staple for me), and a slow-cooked beef dish that was so tender it fell apart on your fork. not that they give you a fork actually - everyone gets a pair of what are essentially giant tweezers! my guy thought it was unnecessary (which it totally was) but hey i love a bit of quirky cutlery. the pincer action added an extra level of fun to the meal, especially when you're both going for that last sliver of manchego ;) the service feels warm and authentic, and they took really good care of us throughout so i'm sure we'll be back again. it's not cheap but not crazy for the quality - i think we came out at c30 a head and were nicely stuffed. the layout is quite intimate (so much so that the mister got amusingly hemmed in by other tables when it was time to leave ha), so i'd suggest taking someone you want to get cosy with! this was one of our favorite experiences while visiting london. if you enjoy spanish tapas you will love these flavors!great location on the way to tower bridge. we had just got off the subway/tube and were looking for an early dinner before walking the bridge. since i'm pregnant, no cocktails for me but they had an extensive cocktail and wine menu. instead, i ordered a fruity cooler drink [nonalcoholic]. pretty good, but not really worth 5 pounds [and was not poured to the top].bravas potatoes - yes, the sauce it comes with waa very good!spinach croquettes - yes, definitely must try this! comes with three stuffed with spinach. very unique and delicious flavor!prime rib with onion rings - i would pass on this dish. meat was soft and juicy but flavorless. sliders - these were good!cheese board - didn't love the fig and berries that come with the board, but cheeses and jam were good. they really don't explain the cheeses. just dropped the board at our tackle and left. even when we asked what was what, the waiter said he didn't know.restaurant also charges an automatic 12.5% gratuity which we noticed many of them do in london. this place is nestled in the harbor area adjacent to the tower of london and london bridge!the area alone is great to walk at night and enjoy the cityscape.we came here on a saturday night and did not have a reservation. the only available area was the bar and it did not disappoint. the waitress quickly brought us menus and took our order. started off with a pint of estrella dam from their draft and it complimented our order of patatas bravas-my wife enjoyed her sangria!we ordered the roasted chiles with a hint of salt-very simple but tasty (not spicy at all). the fish fillet was tender on a bed of roasted tomatoes and it complimented our tomato bread.there was hiccups in the service but then again, we were at the bar and cannot complain about a saturday evening flow of service.plan to return before we return to los angeles! very good for the actual tapas. great location on the docks. very crowded though on the particular day we went, not the most accommodating hostesses, and sitting at the cooktop bar area was swelteringly hot! reservations are recommended. great tapas place with a nice twist to every dish, more like a michelin star tapas to me... i've tried a couple of their signature dishes and was pleasantly surprised, with extra points to the unique salmon rolls (crunchy filling on truffle spice), spicy yellowtail sashimi (which was a special), as well as the standard dishes (potato's, fried spinach balls, and fresh anchovies). the cocktail i took (gin & tonic on olive) was very generous in size.atmosphere seems to be anything between business and romantic, worth a visit. if there's one thing in this world that i'm truly in love with, it's food. i'm such a foodie and nothing excites me more than the thought of good tapas. i was really looking forward to eating at bravas tapas and especially after reading some good reviews on the place but unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype. firstly, it's expensive. secondly, the service was very slow. lastly, i left still feeling hungry. i know tapas comes up in small portions, obviously, but waiting ages in between receiving each dish we'd ordered for just a mouthful of food is ridiculous. the food was nice, i don't have any complaints about the taste of the food or how it was presented but it just took far too long to be presented to us. i will not be coming here again, was completely disappointed with it. amazing tapas. i sat at the bar as i was dining solo but i still had a nice view of the docks. i tried the salmon roll, lamb, and of course the patatas bravas (you can't have tapas without). all of the food was absolutely amazing. highly recommend. this lovely spanish tapas restaurant has so much charm and warmness that when we are passing by we couldn't resist not going in... st. katherine' s docks offers lovely views and many options for dinner, but bravas tapas is probably one of the best options there. the staff were really welcoming and prompt. as we were shown to our table, a drinks order was taken quickly soon after we settled and hello delicious sangria!as for food, there were a number of dishes in each category - meat, sea food, vegetarian and each sounded quite nice in it's own right. we ordered gazpacho, grilled sea bass and the grilled octopus as we were in a mood for a light dinner. the food was so delicious that i even enjoyed the octopus, something i don't usually like...all in all, the food was amazing, served beautifully and came quickly; the service was great and the staff were really nice. certainly, it's one of the nicest tapas places i have been to so far. yesterday was my 2nd visit during my 3 week holiday. the experience was so great the 1st time, i went back on my birthday for more of their delicious food and friendly service. located on the st katherine's area close to the tower of london and tower bridge easy walk from those points of interest. we had the sea bass, prawns (must have), salmon (my favorite) and of course the potatoes bravas (wow)! i will be coming back on my next visit! wow. just. freaking. wow!maybe it's the time of year, maybe it's the location. but i've been here for about 3 hours now eating some excellent food.we started out indoors but they were able to find some space outside fairly soon. they happily moved us and all of our stuff to a bench overlooking the boats. the wait staff seemed happy giving recommendations, and while they didn't seem drunk or fat enough to be that familiar with the menu, they were spot on. the food was spectacular. we tried about 8 plates and the only fault i could find is that we could have maybe use a knife to cut the belly pork into smaller morsels. smaller delicious succulent piggy morsels. mmmmm. sorry, back on track...while everything was great, a few things stood out. first, the tempura prawns. i always order prawns because my wife doesn't eat them. so while much or my order will be poached, i know i have one safe space. and thank heavens i did, because these were out of this world. instead of a dry battered prawn with a dipping sauce, these were very lightly battered and coated in a citrus sauce. they were amazing. the catalunya fois gras was the second surprise. picture a creme brle with the blowtorched top, but instead it's fois gras underneat, and topped with berries and seeds. i may have been a bit selfish with this dish.finally, the white chocolate and strawberry dessert. i had a picture in my mind of a mousse type thing, but like everything else here, i was wrong. what arrived was some strawberry bits swimming in cava, with an almost liquid white chocolate island in the middle. i'm grateful that my wife thieved some of my food earlier, as that gave me licence to have maybe a little more than i'd originally planned to sample from her plate. honestly, i can't find a single negative about this place, and a world of positives. go there. now. it's a true london gem. stop what you're doing now and reserve a table to eat some of the best tapas outside of barcelona. wow wow wow! we were randomly in this area (as londoners we tend to stick around central, soho and shoreditch) soooo glad we ventured out because this was a hell of a find. the food here was exceptional and i have no issue stating this is probably (in fact definitely) the best tapas place we've come across so far in london. the sangria was delicious, the patatas bravas perfect, the sea bass was succulent and crunchy, the croquettes melted in your mouth and oh my god - the foie gras creme brle with brioche was sublime!!!!maybe i went on a good day, but i was really pleasantly surprised by this little find in the picturesque st katherine's dock. the decor was a trendy shabby chique and they have these interesting pincers to eat your tapas (although feel free to ask for regular cutlery if this seems too daunting). i just loved it all! this'll definitely be on my top places to eat in london.shame there's only one in town! would they maybe consider opening one in king's cross just for my eating pleasure? pretty please???? arrived at 7 on a monday without a booking. manager was kind enough to offer us a table with the caveat of another party arriving at 830. had about 6-7 plates between three people. standard tapas sizes with incredible flavor. service was ok but we had to ask for another round of pints and for more food when we were clearly out of each. how does this place not have five stars?! the octopus or the salmon alone are worth five stars! prices are good, food and wine were amazing! a little hard to find, but well with it. this place is tucked away, relaxing, and romantic. my husband and i enjoyed delicious wine and cocktails, followed by a selection of excellent tapas! we loved the oysters, variety of pickles, and tomato bread. well worth a visit this side of the thames! a really lovely find in st. katharine's docks. i came by with a friend at 8 pm on a friday night and although the restaurant was crammed, they were able to squeeze us in. the restaurant's decor is really gorgeous with low ceilings, tapered candles, and reclaimed wood walls. it is a very intimate dining experience, making it a great place to come on a date or with one or two friends. we ordered the following:--salmon - this comes beautifully presented with thin slices of salmon wrapped around a dill sauce and covered in a radish- like a very fresh little sushi roll!--spinach croquetas - it is hard to go wrong with croquettes and these did not disappoint- they were creamy and fresh on the inside, and crispy on the outside--cheese plate - a delicious assortment of cheese and fruit, again you can't go wrong!--brava potatoes - so simple and yet so delicious, the crispy potatoes came with a huge bowl of dipping sauce that was quite tasty--crispy shrimp - we had not originally ordered these but after eying the tables on both sides of us devouring theirs, we had to try them, and they were fantastic--foie gras - this was our only miss of the evening- it did not come with enough bread and the foie gras itself was covered in a caramelized topping that made the dish too sweetthe price point is fair for the quality of the dishes and the fantastic location right on the marina. they even have a few outdoor tables for those elusive london fair weather days! one of the best tapas restaurant in london.i've been there twice and i will be back for sure this has become our go-to tapas place. really good food, i don't think we've ever been disappointed with anything we've ordered. we'll often get the patatas bravas, salmon, and the lamb. food and drinks prices are reasonable for the area. the fact that the restaurant always full says all you need to know. the only downside is that the service can be hit or miss - some of the staff are really good, with others you questions whether they have ever had any previous human interaction. great tapas bar - awesome food and good wine. but service is more than poor. my friend and i had to do a little bit of work before ordering - still we were having a glass of wine ... well we were asked to sit at the bar and leave the table. we then ended up eating at the bar whereas our table stayed empty the whole night. this place is fab!!!tucked away down at st katherine's dock, with a stripped back interior that has a comfortable, relaxed feel, this place is trendy and informal. the wine choice is extensive with plenty being served by the glass. the sherry choice is restricted but still with enough variety. the food choices are ample. served on small slates, in white porcelain bowls and in jars, it is well presented. the spanish pickles are a jar full of bumper size olives, garlic, caper berries and a chilli. they aren't hot or sour but provide a burst of flavour in your mouth. the papayas bravas is beautifully smokey and sour and the octopus was exquisite. keep space for pudding. the macerated strawberries are a treat to the eyes and the taste buds. i won't spoil the surprise. small servings of well made food, good atmosphere and great service my husband and i ate here late one evening on a weeknight and were completely enchanted by the experience. small and intimate, warm and inviting, the dining space set the perfect mood for a delightful evening. we each had a drink and 6-7 tapas. each selection was mouth watering and exquisite. the one thing i didn't enjoy was the pork belly (the crust on it was too dry and overly salty to me), but my husband loved it - so take it in stride. the lamb was to die for. go, and enjoy. bravas tapas is probably the best tapas food i've ever had! every dish ordered has presentation, portion, and tasty flavor!i started with the anchovies served on a crispy bread with a thin layer of red pepper and tender anchovies that you put on the bread yourself that is the perfect saltiness for any taste buds! then i had the crispy game hen legs with a special sauce that made the game hen melt in your mouth! then there was the chilean sea bass that was chunky and tender flaky that melted nicely with every bite and it never seemed to end! then the tenderest short ribs that reminded me of a tender chuck roast with special seasoning and carmelization that was just the right temperature to dig into right away! served with 4 crispy onion rings, it was amazing. then i had the crispy shrimps on a stick with a flavorful mayo based sauce that i had to make sure we on every bite! what a tantalizing feeling when i savored every bite of every dish ordered. although you can have your choice of beverage to wash it down: i had the san miguel that was just the right drink to compliment the very satisfying meal. the restaurant was packed, but each course came out in great time. service was excellent and i was checked on every few minutes to make sure i was okay. only advice is don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach! portions are bigger than the average tapas plate. you will get full fast, so pace yourself. enjoy! this place was truly wonderful. the setting was lovely, the plating was spot on, and it delivered on taste. overall great vibe. here with work mates last month. wine is really below par and overpriced. tried 1 white and 3 reds around the table at different price points, all cloying on the palate. they're going for innovative, almost gastronomic tapas, but without the foams & sous vide - just the tiny portions and smear of pure. the food is tasty & seasoned well, but the addition of tweezers for your tapas is too much faff. especially when it's still just paella or deep fried pork belly. they had a good idea, just didn't follow through properly. if you're going for high end tapas, you can't be serving sloppy or basic staples of the tapas world.the interior is designed well, rustic minimalist with a good bar to sit at & observe the tables and people arriving. you're not here for the architecture though, so if you're a foodie looking for a good deal and/or experience, i'd give this place a miss. jose tapas bar in bermonsey is much superior and comes in a bit better value. another wonderful place situated in st. katherines docks. lovely place for a sunny day - good choice of food and drink. one of my new favourite tapas places. place and service was nice but all of us who ate there recently got severely sick. definitely something in the food. i was looking for a restaurant near interesting area on a work/family trip to london as i stayed in keningston. i selected bravas tapas as it was near london tower and we could sightsee in the uber on the way too.we were running a little late( 15 minutes) so i had called to let them now which they were glad and make sure we still had our table.  the ambience is very casual and quaint.  there were many people in the restaurant on a sunday night so that was a good sign.i went with my wife, her mother and my two children so the five of us had a nice booth near the back. the only real area for improvement was our service at first. it seemed it took long for them to recognize we were sitting and asking if we wanted something to drink. i didn't really mind as we were on vacation and not in a rush, and that we were late to begin with.the food choices are outstanding but not overwhelming and even my kids who are 4 and 12 found things that they would like to eat.  my mother who is vegetarian had many choices, as welli'm not going to go into exactly what we had as you should go in for yourself.  i've been to at least 30 countries in my life so i had many opportunities to enjoy different cuisines.  this was an outstanding experience.cheers!len f a well earned five yelp stars, especially at this price point. from the location overlooking the marina, the decor, the friendly staff and their knowledge of the product, to the food. oh the food. listen, we seriously didn't have a bad thing. or even a mediocre thing. almonds to munch on, fabulous cocktails, the perfectly tender grilled octopus, excellently spiced potatoes, lamb chops... i guess my only regret was being too full to try dessert. fantastic ambience-- really nice tapas options although they seem a little more avant guarde than a more traditional tapas place.   service was extremely attentive, notwithstanding a 10 minute delay while they assumed i was waiting for someone and didn't even require a glass of water.  that started my visit on a really bad note but the staff really did a good job turning the night around.  still, losing a star for the rough start and because it's still second best to the jose tapas in bermondsey. bravas is a new intimate tapas bar, perfect if sharing dishes between two in st katherine docks.service is great and the staff are very helpful in helping describe dishes. there were a few that were confusing orders and not giving the correct items to people. one couple were there almost half as long as we were, but because their food was being given to the wrong couple on the same half of a table in the centre of the restaurant, they didn't get any food that whole time! the manager was clearly angry at this. but teething troubles during a soft launch is nothing new. it's one of the risks.ourselves, we had a great time. the food was good portion and flavour wise. some dishes such as the seabass were meh, but the raw cod "esqueixada" was amazing, as was the salmon dish, bravas potatoes and pork sliders. sometimes simple really is best! the desserts. well wow. i have never had anything like the fresh macerated strawberries with white choc and cava. mindblowing. and the crazy lopsided glasses they served a few courses in were quite unique and i want some.in all, lovely place. great tapas, perfect potions for 2 and nice atmosphere. dishes a little on the pricier side quantity wise, but this is tapas in london and the quality sure makes up for it. expect 4-8 per dish. the place has wifi apparently but the staff member we asked didn't know the password and we were about to leave. i write very few reviews on yelp even though i am a long time member. but when i run across a place like bravas i have to weigh in. we were hanging around london bridge on a cold evening when my wife got hungry. i yelped for a few minutes and came across bravas. we called and asked for reservations and the bartender who answered the phone said "anything is possible tonight". music to our ears. that was the start of a memorable night. as soon as i perused the menu i knew that we had chosen wisely. we ordered drinks and the nuts while we decided on the apps. the fois gras was like something from heavan. the short ribs and pork belly were more of the same. the prawns were divine and the salmon was special indeed. the bread pudding was the best i have had since nola. the service was lively, friendly and knowledgeable. i pulled the manager, enrique, aside at the end of the evening and told him what a special place he was running. then my wife and i went to the open kitchen and thanked all of the cooks. a great time was had by all. you will not find a much better place than this in london at any price.	0	1	1	0	1
 the food was delicious at this casual restaurant! great prices and the staff was super! the owner hails from canada. we had the roast chicken, pierogis, green salad, carrot/leek salad, burger and pork! all delicious! i highly recommend this restaurant. tldr - hearty, late-night polish food. go if you're looking for quick and cheap, pass if you're looking for taste and flavori've never had polish food before so i don't have a basis for comparison nor can i speak to mamuska's authenticity, but i wasn't very impressed with the food. pluses were that it was quick and reasonably cheap and rather filling, but it didn't do much for my taste buds. the staff were very friendly and welcoming and explained the order process when we walked in. you order and pay at the beer bar, seat yourself and wait for your order to be called, and then pick up at the kitchen counter. there's lots on the menu, so if you've never had polish food before, ask for some recommendations. the pierogis (dumplings) are a popular choice and you can order a half size if you want to try other food as well. * beef pierogi (4.70, half size) - 3/5[served w/ sour cream]not really impressed. lacking flavor. maybe i'm used to asian dumplings but i didn't really enjoy the thick chewy dumpling skin.* buraczki na zimno (1.50) - 4/5[chilled beetroot & onion salad, oil dressing]simple, but light and refreshing side saladthe place is clean and pretty trendy, and it's open late so it makes a good spot for really casual, low-key late-night drinks and food, but i wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. expect to find a comfortable, casual atmosphere with woody decor in a clean, contemporary setting. the staff was very friendly and helpful in navigating the menu, as well as the healthy selection of reasonably priced polish beers. the menu is filled with interesting polish specialties, so have a seat and take your time reading. we were pleasantly surprised with the roasted chicken wings (juicy and cooked to perfection), and the "ruskie" pierogi (dumpling dish), which is delicious. the bread is clearly homemade, which is a nice touch, and the salads were fresh and tasty. this is a solid spot for interesting, flavorful food, and is a good value. we look forward to returning. these guys have moved to a new location across the road.still good portion sizes and hearty polish meals, but the price has increased on most mains and i'm not so sure about the euro pop feel of the new restaurant. cheap. cheerful. excellent.super friendly people. top beer. it's worth the elephant for either. and it's sometimes on my way home. very good food, quite authentic, reasonable prices. didn't have anything that blew me away, but definitely left satisfied. friendly staff too. good value for excellent polish food and beer. i ordered the burger with cheese, huge burger on bun with lettuce, burger, cheese, pickle, tomatoes, and a cream sauce. also got the oven roasted wings, and my wife ordered a ruskie with sour bream and bacon. delicious. with 2 berries, this mountain of food came to 30. owner says he wants to make polish food accessible. we are content with our experience. mamuska is an excellent place for homemade food. large portions at low prices. you can get a very filling meal for under $10 euros. don't be fooled by the odd location - it's a great place! i've been here twice and each time ordered their mamuska salad duza, the first time with grilled chicken and the second time with soft cheese. their home-made salad dressing is very delicious and the plate was well balanced with just the right amount of chicken to feel full. in fact, the portion is so large you could probably take at least half, if not a quarter of it back home. overall, the customer service was great. however, the staff sometimes mixed up my order, which is why i'm downgrading from a 5 to a 4-star review. on that one occasion i had originally asked for a chicken salad and in fact they gave me the soft-cheese. when i informed them of the mistake, i was told it would take an additional 15 minutes. i told them, that, this being a work-lunch, i didn't have the time to wait, so i accepted the incorrect order. in most restaurants, they would offer the meal free of charge, in this place, they didn't. i wasn't impressed, after all, it was their mistake. second, i had also ordered a beer, which they had completely forgotten, so in the end i passed. the conclusion is - they need to improve their customer service. simple and tasty food from poland. the service was really nice as well! they are open until midnight which is a good thing if you are craving for late food. andrew m's alphabet dining group reached the letter p and we descended on mamuska for polish food. located inside elephant and castle shopping centre, there were throngs inside on friday evening with a healthy representation from the polish communitythe first thing which struck me was how reasonable prices were on the menu. 6 for a main and 3 foir a starter in london town is a steal and let me assure you the portion sizes were generousyou snag a table and then order at the counter. however, be sure to listen for your number being called as the food is delivered. go collect it or you'll be summoned with an even louder bellow!we tried a large selection of dishes, using the time honoured alphabet dining tradition of taking a mouthful and passing the dish to your right. i did enjoy the pierogi dumplings for starterthe waitress recommended the kielbasa (polish sausage), which was wonderfully moist and heavy with herbs. the roast pork was great tooif you've a tenner in your pocket and a taste for something different, you can do a lot worse than mamuska! love me some mamuska's. it was love at first taste. it's a wonderful polish restaurant full of hearty meal options. i especially love their sour cream. got dinner here and it definitely satiated. the dumpling appetizers were something worth trying. they mixed our order to be in dining which caused a bit of delay but offered us a delicious piece of cake. uneven quality - and their signature dish was terrible. the good: the carrot salad, beet salad and borscht-style soup were all very good. the bad: the pirogi were terrible - the filling was tasteless fine-grained plain grey meat, and reminded me of nothing more than hardwood sawdust. a chef's salad was drenched in so much oil and vinegar dressing that it was inedible. i wouldn't make a special trip to go there. good polish home style cooking restaurant. great food and good atmosphere at very reasonable prices. summary... i purchased a loyalty card day one, that should speak for itself.i can't say that this place trumps barbakan in york for polish cuisine, but i'm not paying those (already reasonable) prices either. this place is open late, has a friendly owner, good food, good bloody marys, and alcoholic smoothies... it's a dream come true for someone hungover that spent most of their pennies the previous night. (polish cuisine is good comfort food imho.) some friends and i actually came in here for breakfast with it not dawning on us that it would be, well, a breakfast menu... we enjoyed it all the same, but ventured around london only to come back because i had to have the pierogis (polish dumplings) and happily they were worth the trip back. if you're a true connoisseur of these little pockets of delicious you may say you've had better, but again... for the hours and price i'm not complaining about my experience here and happily plan to come back as my first line indicates. perhaps my only stinger, is you had to "purchase" a loyalty card... they weren't free, and i don't remember how much they were, but it was by no means expensive and i already have about 2.00 towards my next adventure so it is what it is. very reasonably priced cafe serving both polish dishes and some english dishes. i ended up going for scrambled eggs on toast. eggs were nice, slightly over done but came on amazing toasted crusty bread. (visit - 15/05/2015 breakfast) well done! i got the veggie pierogi, filled with spinach, goat cheese and potato, with sour cream. savoury, doughy pockets made me happy, as did the fragrant carrot and leeks side.the marlenka is also nice- a generous slice, sweet with honey but not overwhelmingly so, for 2.50 quid. all in all, for about 8 quid for everything, mamuska is winning! the lovely attitudes of the staff also helped. fodmaps free - don't just dont.polish food is something that i find delightful, i like the content, meat, starchy, carbs, onion, cabbage, garlic, yum. kills me but its nice homely, comfort food.atmosphere: well as it does describe on its website it is located in the 'pit of despair' that is elephant and castle shopping centre, at least it understands that. once you go in, you can sort of forget where you are - not too much. its half cafe/half restaurant/half canteen... ok thats three halves... the decor is black and red, and its no frills. you have to order your food at the till and then pick it up on black plastic trays once it is ready, and clear up after yourself. think cross between maccy ds and wimpys.the food/price: the food was good, quite basic, was clear it wasn't prepared in house, very canteenesque, but the prices were super reasonable. and the variety of polish food on offer was delightful. we had schabowy, smalec, ruskie perogi, kopytka, gherkins, barsaz to share and i think even with the vodka drink we had - was only 15 each.pretty good evening, i'd say nice mid week evening out, simple different food, near to anyone south, cheap and cheerful! cheap, tasty, filling polish food. the pierogi are amazing, i will definitely be back! this only polish milk bar (equivalent to english greasy spoon) in london (if not in uk) is the only good reason for me to visit elephant & castle. the initially raw decor revoked the memories of the polish milk bars from the communism time, especially as the spoons on chains could suggest the one from a cult comedy of the time mis (teddy bear). however, since my first visit, the place evolved dramatically (possibly due to lack of understanding of the reference among the local clientele:)). currently the restaurant shows polish artists living in the uk, broadcasts polish tv, plays polish charts and offers polish migr magazines. but despite the strong polish accents, the place is visited by international crowd, longing for polish national delicacies, which in mamuska are not only delicious, but also very cheap. a massive portion of potato pancakes in wild mushroom sauce or dumplings (with meat, sauerkraut & mushrooms, bacon and sauerkraut fillings) you will pay only 5! additionally, for just 1 you can order compote, fresh salad or gherkins in brine that will for sure go well with another polish speciality vodka served from freezer, fridge and from the counter. it wouldn't be a polish bar if it didn't have borsch with croquet (menu says it's home made, but i have doubts about it), russian salad, black pudding and cheese cake which are as good as at home, made by our mamuskas. extremely good value for money. the courses are large and don't leave you wanting for more. the food comes relatively quickly given the popularity of the restaurant. would definitely eat here again! relaxed, friendly and reasonable polish bar/lunch counter/cafe now located across the street from the elephant & castle shopping centre. bonus points for being open late - good spot to gas up the tank and pregame before a night out... delicious polish food at a reasonable price. [agreed about the run-down elephant & castle though.] this was our first dinner stop on our london trip and it did not disappoint this 2nd-generation polish gal.cheese and potato pierogies, ample chicken soup and excellent schnitzel were accompanied by authentic polish beer lech and zyweic. yum. a lovely little place to stumble across! the pirogi were excellent and so was the livers!!!! quick glance:+ no fill, cafetaria-style+ good value and filling- little flexibility in your ordersi used to live around elephant and castle so the shopping centre in which mamuska is located in is a familiar place to me, and consequently it's not as terrifying as everyone else have made it sound!a polish colleague brought me here for lunch so he knew the score, which i was grateful for because i would have been very lost on my own! for the uninitiated, you order and pay at the counter, sit down at any of the empty tables, wait for your order number to be called, retrieve your food from where you ordered, eat your meal, and when you finish bring your tray and rubbish to the rack by the front door. i gave the dumplings a try. initially i thought 10 for 5 was going to leave me hungry, but half way through my meal i realised how dense the fillings were and appreciated that 5 is a great value for that amount of food. i particularly enjoyed the rushkie pierogi, or the potato and cheese dumplings, although i found the chicken dumplings too dry. the downside to the 10-for-5 dumplings is that you can't mix and match the different flavours, instead you have to buy half portions (five of each flavour) at 3 per half-portion. the yelp reviews brought me to mamuska! mainly because of my quest for amazing pierogis in london. my previous pierogi knowledge is based on the hundreds of bags of frozen perogies i have consumed over the years from canadian supermarkets. i'm searching for a great pierogi experience in london, which brought us to the elephant and castle shopping mall. the prices here are fantastic! its very much self serve to keep prices down. it's true, you can eat like a king for a tenner. i ordered the potato pancakes with sour cream and the potato, cheese and onion pierogis with bacon and sour cream. i was a bit disappointed with the potato pancakes, they were overcooked and burned around the edges. i wouldn't have served them to customers. it was also the englishman's first experience with polish delights, having ordered the potato pancakes with the pork goulash, so i was disappointed it was substandard in that sense as they ended up being pretty dry in the middle. the pork goulash was lovely though. i was so disappointed after reading all the yelp reviews about the potato pancakes that i would give mamuska! a second chance to redeem themselves with the pancakes, possibly going for the pork goulash option. the pierogis were good, but not the best in my opinion. i would say these are pretty standard, most likely frozen. they were good, not amazing though. the great pierogi quest of london continues. let me know if you have any suggestions for the best pierogis in london! the real deal. i'm half polish, and this pretty much reminds me of the food i grew up with. hearty, hearty, hearty. cheap, too! if you are brave enough to travel all the way out into elephant and castle and then step forth into the terror that is the elephant and castle shopping centre, not only will you find a huge selection of poor quality produce made in the far corners of the world and sold for less than a quid, but you might be lucky enough to stumble upon mamuska. mamuska is a polish caf. it's cheap, cheerful, authentic and really quite wonderful.it's a little odd that it's in this location, in that it's hidden in a shopping centre on the first floor but somehow it manages to have some real charm. there is a huge tv playing polish channels, large clean tables that are great for group dining and fast but friendly service. all their food is authentic and mainly written in polish with crude british translations. perogis, stews, potato salad, all of it tasty and very interesting. now i think place is great for parties, dinner with loads of friends or meat eating monsters but i don't know if i'd go here on a date. it's a little... weird, but in a good way! cheap, filling and delicious. i've just come home from having eaten a pile of delicious fried potato pancakes topped with mushroom sauce and a side of beetroot salad all for less than a tenner and i'm stuffed. the fried, brown edges of the pancakes were the best bit....though it was a bit stodgy and i do feel a bit dirty (but not ashamed). there's also a jug of tap water on the side from which you can help yourself. this pleases me so much that i don't mind the water being warm.it's relaxed, friendly and this evening (weds) it was pretty quiet, which enabled a nice long time to chat and eat slowly. i've been before when it's been crazy packed though so it definitely depends.	1	1	1	1	0
 loved it. service was very good, and there was plenty of food. wouldn't get the mac & cheese again, but otherwise, it was wonderful. a good sleek experience. not the cheapest place in this part of london, but a nice small place, with good small plates and a great wine selection. a friend brought me here, as we were looking for a light dinner. salt yard was cozy, clean, refined, and just everything you could want on a nice evening out. the host greeted us and sat us right away. it was decently busy for a wednesday night,we ordered a couple drinks, the baked hake with steamed mussels, slow-cooked octopus, the grilled flat iron special, and the mac and cheese. first of all, the presentation of each dish was beautiful! i was so consumed by the food, i forgot to take pictures. the hake was probably my favorite, it was cooked to perfection. the mac and cheese was very cheesy, and since it was brought out towards the end, i simply didn't have the appetite for it. four plates to share between two was just right. overall, a lovely spot for dinner! three things:1. chewest lamb money can buy2. over salted food3. waitress who tries to explain to foreign looking people what tapas are. we stumbled upon this place while wandering around london on our only 24 hours in the city. the staff was incredibly welcoming and the food was spectacular. came here on a sunday while roaming around london after just having landed from the states. so i was sleepy, but with boosts of caffeine, i toughed it out and glad i did because it made me stumble upon salt yard.they have a fantastic 20 set menu for lunch: a starter, a main, and a dessert. this is real food prepared by a talented chef, so in central london i'd call that a borderline steal.my brain wasn't functioning properly, so i cannot describe exactly what i had, but i know my starter was a modern take on a croqueta that had pork belly, i believe, and was complimented with some fresh and crisp vegetables. my main was a duck dish. (i've posted a photo of it.)not too surprising, i recall the dessert was a carrot cake foundation with other accoutrement, and it was excellent.the wine list is largely spanish and it covers all price points. we had a nice ribera del duero.i don't frequent london like i used to, so when i travel (and return to cities), i like to try new places, but i would strongly consider coming here again because the food was very, very good. i finally managed to venture my way to salt yard with their fantastic bank holiday offer where they were offering a staggering 50% off food during lunch. as much as we enjoyed our lunch the place lacks that charm it has in ember yard. it was very closed in, a long bench seating where you share among other customers but with your own small individual table. you also have the choice to sit around the bar. i suppose they try and fill the place with as many seating as possible to avoid people queuing but in the end you lose out on the nice relaxing vibe like you get in their sister branch, ember yard which i love. it just lacks space and privacy.food wise it was great but not extraordinary with some dishes better than others. most of the tapas were done well but the flavours and textures did not amaze me as much as my first visit to their sister branch ember yard.saying that i was very impress with their spanish selection charcuterie which was very skillfully cut, thin and juicy. they were cured very right to the palate, salty but not overwhelming so the flavours could be enjoyed with the chorizo being my favourite with the punch of sweet spice they particularly went well with our spanish cheese selection, paired very well with a sweet compliment such as strawberry jam with a good mix of the more pungent variety, nutty and creamy.as a side we also ordered chargrilled flat bread with homemade butter which came warm and fluffy with a nice light herby butter which i wish they could be more generous with as it was lovely and creamy with a very low melting point so it spread along the bread as soon as it touched it. the quail eggs were cooked perfectly, easy to peel, light and tasty. and the almonds roasted nicely, crunchy and salty. off the tapas menu we started with the salt cod croquetas which were good and crispy on the outside, stuffed generously with chunky pieces of fish. it could have been more creamier but that was resolved by the light refreshing bravas sauce was a lovely addition as it lifted the sweetness and added moisture in the dish.next came my all time favourite of the salt group chain, the courgette flower stuffed with goat's cheese and drizzled with honey. in fact it was so good my boyfriend nearly cried when the plate got taken away before he could lick the honey off the plate clean. it was just that combination the crispy light batter, creamy pungent goat cheese, sweet warm honey against the savoury courgette flower that made this dish amazing. sadly it doesn't come cheap, 4.50 for one and we had two to share, the slow cooked octopus were incredibly tender and citrusy. they were a bit over generous with the olive oil which i felt wasn't needed and it was also let down by the ratte potatoes which were under seasoned and bland. it seems like the flavours did not seep through.i also was a bit disappointed with the tortilla which didn't have the oozy effect i was after. i had high expectations for this dish. i suppose it is a preference but i also found this dish a bit bland and could have been more richer. i felt a bit of moisture could have made the texture of potatoes and egg a little less dense and stuffy. my least favourite fish had to be the roast loch duart salmon,mussel and saffron risotto. as nice as the salmon was, perfectly cooked i found the dill in the risotto way too overpowering, taking over all the other delicate flavours. the risotto was also too saucy and lost it's al dente texture. what a shame for such a wonderful cooked fish with it's crispy skin and flakiness. we ended with a light finished of duck arancini with mozzarella, squash pure and toasted pumpkin seeds. i wasn't sure if i wanted it light as the mozzarella wasn't very apparent. it lacked that stringy cheese and creamy texture i was after but instead had a more healthier wholesome texture to it. tasted very average to me with the flavours not really coming through, especially the duck which can be very flavoursome. after the meal i felt very happy that we had the 50% off or otherwise the outcome could have been even more disappointing. i just feel i could have better tapas at a more local spanish restaurant and the prices would have been the same with what we paid. it was also very crammed, little space and lacking something in it's decor although it may have a better atmosphere in the evening. still i very much prefer ember yard being their sister, better food and decor. but i do understand their menu changes seasonally so things can potentially change. really amazing vegetarian small plates. i'm not sure if i would call this tapas - the portions are actually quite big not exactly spanish. the baked polenta was average, but the mushroom and chard topping was lovely. i would definitely recommend the truffled macaroni and cheese and the courgette (zucchini) flower. both were fantastic! our best dinner in london was at salt yard. we couldn't get reservations, but the bar area is first come, first served. there were only a couple of seats left at the bar itself when we arrived...but they turned out to be the best seats in the house! you get to watch the bartender mix drinks and the charcuterie staff cut super thin slices of jamon iberico de bellota (a leg from a pig that grazed on acorns in spain/portugal). the bartender and the manager were the nicest people we met. they let us sample one of the mixed drinks when they had a little extra, and even gave us a free board of jamon iberico de bellota when they saw how interested we were when the staff was switching out the legs. amazing food and outstanding staff! we would go back to london again just to go back to salt yard. highly recommend - and take a seat at the bar! been here too many times to count! it's my go to restaurant for entertaining both clients and impressing friends!the staff are super friendly and never fail to squeeze you in one way or another. the food is always delicious and changes regularly. yes there are the staples like pork belly on white beans and the fennel salami charcuterie platter. but always something fresh and different such as the unforgettable scallop carpaccio i had over two years ago. even the story is lovely in that the couple who started the restaurant one being italian and the other spanish so they decided to make a fusion tapas menu. you can't write this stuff!if you find yourself in the charlotte st. area then do yourself a favour and go check it out! delicious set menu, one at 35 and one at 40. we went with the cheaper one and were full beyond belief at the end. the most expensive one may not actually result in more food, it might just be a few substitutions that are a bit fancier, but i'll have to find out next time. you'll need at least 7 people for one of the set menus, but they were very flexible about groups. you'll start with some delicious olives, grilled flatbread (with an incredible accompanying sauce...), cheese and jamon. this will be followed by a couple fish dishes, meat, vegetables, and finally the puddings (if you still have room!). my favorite were the courgette flowers stuffed with goat cheese and drizzled with honey - amazing! also had some wonderful pork belly. if i were to come back here with just one other person or a small group of friends i'd probably have trouble deciding what to order and what not to as everything was delicious. at 35-40 per person it is a little pricey, but for a special occasion it's pretty reasonable and a great experience. food was spectacular. amazingly tasty and perfect size. we went there for a team lunch - 8 people, tried at least 15 different tapas and all was delicious. i especially loved their special and fish&seafood. highly recommended! cozy place but cramped. food rather bland and overpriced. ended with the classic tortilla which was dry and needed lots more seasoning. the chefs kept coming out to trim off some jamon iberico, but then kept eating it in front of all to see. i decided to go with the ricotta dumplings with lemon curd and homemade raspberry jam.while they looked impressive and were about the size of a small arancini, the flavor was a little disappointing. the ricotta center was not attached to the crust so that it easily fell off from the center. the outside crust was very much like a sugared donut in flavor and texture. i would have liked to have had a more lemony flavor coming from the lemon curd which was almost lost in the mild ricotta. the homemade raspberry jam was completely necessary to give the dish any flavor, but was much more of a sauce rather than a jam in consistency.i didn't try anything else, but i wouldn't necessarily recommend this specific dessert. if you're going to go, i'd suggest picking one of the other dessert options or a cheese plate! had an enjoyable evening out here, but you have to be really in it for the food. to be honest, at a certain price point one wonders what one is paying for... every dish was exceptionally tasty, but even to share with a party of four it was difficult. couldn't help but be painfully conscious that every small mouthful was about 4.anyway, if you're not that hungry or have the deep pockets, you'll be happy with the flavours. perhaps just not for me. the standout dish was the chargrilled ibrico pressa, roast cauliflower with spiced cauliflower pure & smoked almond migas (10.50), which comes pink and is pure melt in the mouth gorgeousness.i also really enjoyed the sauted chorizo and baby squid with braised chickpeas & squid ink dressing (7.50). chorizo with anything is great but especially squid and octopus and let's face it, when was the last time you have a squid ink dressing?the salad of burrata with steamed asparagus, slow roast tomatoes, grilled courgettes & pesto (8) was also delicious with it's mix of silky, creamy burrata, pesto and mediterranean veg. seriously, one of my favourite tapas restaurants in london. they're usually busy, but not overwhelmingly so and they take reservations, unlike most other tapas restaurants in the area. plus one for salt yard.the menu is simple and classic, but they do it well. on my most recent visit, we had the patatas bravas, chorizo skewers, diver scallops (heavenly!), pork belly, and courgette flowers. all were delicious - our faves being the scallops and the chorizo - and we were stuffed by the end of our meal. i've got to say, the salt yard group in general does chorizo well... at a separate occasion at a bbq food festival, i got to try their pork and chorizo burger and it was absolutely amazing - the combination of chorizo and pork with whatever seasonings they used worked incredibly well and if i could've, i would've had a second. wish it were on the menu here! good high-end tapas, but no flavors that wowed us. the presentation was we-done and the service was great too. but there were no tastes that wowed. all good, but nothing popped. highlight: the cheese plate of manchego was the best flavor-wise. also the croquettes were done nicely. lowlight: frites bravas were just english chips with paprika on them and sauces that weren't hitting the flavor mark as you'd find in spain. a lazy attempt at this simple dish. overall i'd say it was a good lunch but pricey for what it was. also the bench seating is sloped down or something and gave me a massive backache. beautiful tapas! like how tapas should be, savour every mouthful for the unique and intriguing flavours that shine through. yes it's a little more pricey than your standard traditional spanish tapas but the ingredients are top class and you can see and taste the care given into each little dish. strangely a bit quiet when i went and as such this along with the decor made the experience less casual and more formal than how tapas traditionally is, but that's a minor point and probably reflects the quality of the food, and protagonists more about me preferring to bum it out. actually 3.5 stars. i visited salt yard for a late lunch recently. of the 3 dishes i had, the squid and chorizo dish was great, the slow-cooked octopus and potato dish was lacking in flavor, and the quail and ham dish did not seem to be well thought out in terms of flavors (i think using figs vs. grapes may have been preferable in terms of balancing out the ham). i will say that i had a nice glass of sparkling rose (or prosessco rosato), but i don't think that made up for the plates i found middling. i could say that perhaps i ordered the wrong thing, but, on a menu that is limited, should there really be a wrong thing?as far as ambience, salt yard is quite cosy, which was great at 2 in the afternoon, but could be a bit claustrophobic when it's busy.earlier this year, i stood in line at barrafina for an hour before being seated around a counter in a much smaller environment, and i enjoyed that experience to salt yard. lovely tapas with a great selection of wines which comes recommended - found it quite pricey so dont visit regularly however well worth a visit!! has outdoor seating so you can watch the world go by. gets very busy so suggest booking rather than just turning up. you can sit at the bar as well! croquettes were my favourite! i had a mega meal here. the waiter warned us we'd over-ordered, but then accidentally brought something we cancelled, by which time we'd added patatas bravas, but the food was so good the patatas were the only things that didn't get finished!the courgette flowers weren't quite as good as i'd expected, not much cheese, but still a nice dish. from the fish section, we ordered the soft shell crab and squid, both things i always love and really enjoyed. far from being rubbery, the squid had a refined flavour. meat wise we got the beef which was quite delicate and the jamon croquetas with manchego. i've found croquetas to be a bit disappointing at times, but these were excellent.the highlight for me was the truffled macaroni cheese, cep and truffle arancini, and gnocchi with girolles. there's a general theme there! rich, creamy, sensational food. the food of dreams. it was so good. you have to try it.service was pretty efficient, we were left alone quite a bit at the beginning and end of the meal but the food once ordered came out quickly. only thing was a couple of times plates were taken when they still had sauce i needed for dipping!we were tucked in a table at the back which was nice because we had more space and less bustle. you do need to book in advance, preferably by a few days. lately everywhere i eat either serves tapas or mezze.  you will start to notice a trend in my reviews. i really love food that you can share with friends.  this was the first of 3 tapas restaurants i ate in over one gluttonous, but very satisfying weekend, and salt yard is definitely up there. we booked as we were advised to and i'm glad we did. the place was packed and it is easy to see why. the food here is fantastic and really interesting. we gorged ourselves on jamon croquetas, slow cooked pork cheeks, duck arancini and patatas fritas with bravas sauce and alioli and it would be hard to pick a favourite, although if i had to the pork cheeks really were sublime. we also indulged in a plate of serrano ham, selection of breads, olives and chorizo. i'm sure you get the picture - we ate a shedload of seriously delicious food.  we also had a few bottles of wine recommended by our lovely and attentive waiter.all in all we had a terrific night here and i for one cannot wait to go back. do yourself a favour and make a date with salt yard - you will not regret it! as a tapas lover, this place is excellent in providing traditional tapas with an italian twist (there's even some kind of macaroni cheese there).rather than going down the traditional road and ordering wine, why not get some of the delicious herbal teas - they have a good range and you get a free refill.friendly and relaxed atmosphere with excellent food! i really enjoyed this place, affordable, great meats, great wine selection, overall a great experience. i had the truffled mac & cheeseassorted meats and cheesesand lots of winei forget what else we ordered as i've been there a couple times and it had been awhile. a solid place. go, taste, bebir! i'm not sure if i would call this tapas, some of the portions were quite big and could easily be mistaken for a maincourse. the food was ok but some of the dishes lacked salt and where kind of flat. we had to pay for bread even though it was offered in the beginning like it was free. i ordered a "black russian" which consists of two components but was denied because it "was not on the meny". over all an ok restaurant, certainly not the higlight of our stay here. "i think the beef changed my life"randomly found this place when looking for a late night dinner. most of the other kitchens in the area closed around 10pm, but not this place!it's a tiny restaurant lover two floors, the ground floor has a small bar and open kitchen where you can see them cracking away at the charcuterie etc, we got a table, but next time i'll sit at the bar cos then you can watch them in action. the tables are quite tight together, which made things a bit awks when the girl next to us started to bulb her eyes out!the food really was top notch, fried squid was heavily salted, but light and crispy. we also had their version of patatas bravas, a bit more like home made fries, with aioli and a separate tomato sauce. the potatoes were damn near perfect, slightly crispy around the edges, but sweet soft and fluffy in the middle. truffled macaroni was a bit odd, the cheese sauce was too thin and they obviously used truffle oil as opposed to proper truffles, at 8.50, for a small(ish) dish, i expected more. we also had the most amazing beef high, a bit like warm carpaccio, on a bed of lentils which was a complete taste sensation. i think the beef changed my lifeservice was snappy, as expected, no complaints. phenomenal tapas. i highly recommend the croquetas, pork belly, duck arancini, beef tartare, courgette, baby squid, and the tortilla. amazing quality ingredients and lovely display. still liked the octopus but there was too little of it; more potato than anything else. we got the red wine and that went perfectly with our selections. the restaurant is small and intimate... service was great. we finished the night by trying the ricotta dumplings, chocolate fondant and homemade cantucci. my favourite was surprisingly the first one, they were like fried sweet donuts! this whole area has so many restaurants and after walking around checking out all the menus, we decided on this place. there are four small tables outside and then lots of seating inside on two floors. a simple menus with some very nice choices. we ordered the lamb, baby squid, and courgette flowers. the honey really complimented that dish. there were a few other dishes and then for dessert we had the churros with chocolate sauce and biscotti with a glass of dessert wine for dipping. both were nice. i don't think the menu online has all the dishes they serve. what made the dinner memorable was helena bonham-carter sat next to us for about a minute with her friend. they looked at the menu, laughed historically and then left. what was that about i will never know. you want to treat yourself and your date with some fine wine and tapas in a cozy atmosphere? salt yard in the fitzrovia neighborhood is a small two-level restaurant with candle light tables that create a very intimate setting. great for both date nights and business dinners, this place is busy every night - reservations highly recommended.starting with the wine, you won't be disappointed. salt yard has spanish and italian wines on the list, from sparkling (cava rosado, prosecco), sherries (manzanilla, palo cortado, pedro ximenez), white (campi flegrei, tanca su contissa, i frati) to red (bellamarsilia, pittacum, cerasuolo), with prices from 3.75 - 8 per glass or 15 - 275 per bottle. i tried a bottle of rioja (23), a very delicious and smooth white.that was good, but much more of a highlight was the food (in terms of quality, not quantity). as a snack, i ordered the "italian selection" of finocchiona, salami toscano, capocollo, and speck (8.75), with outstanding slices of salami. followed by several plates of tapas (pan fried duck breast with parsnip puree, caramelized chicory and blood orange, 7.75, and smoked wild mushrooms with olive oil whipped potatoes, free range egg yolk and chorizo oil, 5.75), which was not only beautifully arranged but flavorful and somewhat exotic in taste. a fantastic experience.the service was awesome - very friendly and although the place was packed, very patient. however, i don't recommend going there hungry unless you don't mind spending about 30 per person on the food (starters, tapas, desert) itself.	0	1	1	0	1
 this place is a gem! we were walking by on our first afternoon in town and looking to find a late lunch, which can be hard. some guys were sitting outside having a smoke and said we would be stupid to walk by and not come in for lunch. so we listened and they were correct! andy was very accommodating as we had a group of 5 come in 5 minutes before the kitchen was to close for lunch. he was so friendly and gave great recommendations. definitely check out the wine menu, it was spectacular. we had pretty much everything that was left on the menu, which they change and handwrite daily. i had a vegetarian dish (which i never do) of grilled squash and beans which was actually amazing and voted the best dish of the meal. one of my friends had the turbot, which i have never eaten before but i thought was fantastic. we also had a bottle of the beaune-clos-du-roi premier cru 2008 - get it, so good. overall, very cosy restaurant with great service and definitely gave off a neighborhood kind of vibe, which i like. love this warm, charming spot! great food and romantic atmosphere. it needs music, though! then it would be perfect :) ok food - british style with both meat and seafoodgood and really nice servicecosy restaurantperfect for romantic dinner oh andrew edmunds.this is the kind of place that you walk by and wish you were inside. the perfect setting. everything i could ever want really. small, cozy, perfectly lit, candles, flowers, wine, warm bread, olives, excellent food, excellent service (thank you, helen!). what a magnificent evening it was. called beforehand to make reservations and were assured that our vegan preferences would be met. lovely attitude, especially given the fact that this not by any means a vegan/vegetarian restaurant. and though there weren't a lot of options on the daily changing menu, we had everything we could ask for. the restaurant has two floors (not including an upper floor for private events) - one on street level, lively yet perfectly intimate, and another one downstairs, which seemed to be more quite. they take reservations a week ahead. make them. andrew edmunds is an adorable place named about its owner featuring good food and good service. the menu is innovative and varied and the wines by the glass are quite nice and the servers knowledgeable about the menu and generous with suggestions. it's a bit cramped but we knew that going in and i found the ambience charming.my only complaint would be that diners go outside the front door to smoke between courses and the stank wafts in and is distressing. love everything about this place. the vibe the friendly helpful service, great wine list and unbelievably delicious inventive food- a must when in london! a little gem hidden in plain sight in the middle of soho, and one of those places i must have walked past a hundred times but never looked at directly. not until the other night anyway, when a generous friend took me whisky-and-cheese-tasting nearby and we emerged looking for sustenance. after abandoning mildred's having been told it was a 40 minute wait, we were wandering down the street when, just by chance, an old town-house with no name above the door, but plenty of people inside, caught my eye. as i moved closer to peer through the window at the candlelit tables, a couple of women were just leaving, one of whom said, 'thinking of going here? do. definitely. it's amazing.' thank you random lady, you were so right.we went in uncertainly, given we had no idea what the food was nor what the place was even called, but the pretty setting (flowers, candles in wine bottles, white tablecloths, done) and busy tables looked promising. we were ushered downstairs to the little basement dining room and warmly greeted like old friends by the sole casually-dressed waiter there. he seemed to be doing everything for all of the tables - taking orders, bringing food, clearing empties, the lot - whilst still somehow making time to chat and give recommendations. we got chatting to him later to find out more about the restaurant - only to find far from being new it's been there over 25 years. observation skills fail.the setting is warm and intimate, with something that felt reminiscent of paris for me - probably how close together the tables were! but with everyone happily chatting away amongst themselves it feels quite normal. its endearingly quirky qualities continued with handwritten menus, as these change frequently so as to use the best ingredients. my friend is veggie and to be frank i wanted to share some of his food too so our choices were made for us - we ordered the 3 veg starters, of which the stand-out was a wonderfully creamy burratini, and the 1 veg main (a pasta dish) all to share. it was the kind of food that's comforting without being too heavy, and after some encouragement from the super-waiter the chocolate brownie dessert to share went down a treat.i think we were both enjoying the atmosphere so much that we pushed the boat out on the booze front too - they have a great wine list and after a relaxed bottle of red finished far too easily (particularly after the whisky tasters earlier that night!) we had a glass of muscat dessert wine each too. while it was nice to go with a close friend (and the most enjoyable meal i'd had in a while) i think we both agreed that we'd each like to take our significant others too. i think the atmosphere really is unlike anywhere else i've been in central london, managing to ooze romance and authenticity without even appearing to try, and keeping something of a bygone era about it without being stuffy. whether you take your current lover, a potential lover or an illicit lover this is one worth saving for someone special ;) booked here for dinner on my first night back in london. i'm visiting after living here for three months last fall, so i wanted this meal to be special. i'm picky, too--wary of soho's trendy places that aren't worth the price. that said, i looked way in advance at many, many restaurants in soho before choosing andrew edmunds. i picked it because it looked like something very different--in the best way possible--from the other popular places. it's truly a hidden gem, like reviewers before me have said. warm, cozy ambiance and delicious food that is expertly, yet humbly prepared. it was everything i hoped it would be--and more. i was truly impressed by how good the food is relative to how reasonably priced the menu is. wine list seems very honestly priced as well, with quite a few bottles in the 18-30 pound range.bottom line: book here if you're looking for comforting food, traditional hospitality, and an ambiance you can either call cozy or romantic--whatever what you would like it to be ;) i went to this place for two reasons: one that i had passed by outside a few times and thought it had a nice ambience. two: the reviews here from other patrons.but i was thoroughly underwhelmed. the ambience was good, but the food lacked punch. the menu's scribbled in pencil were difficult to read. we ordered asparagus, walnut salad, duck and cod. while the walnuts in the salad were fresh and roasted, the salad was a little dry, the asparagus lacked flavour, the cod was tasteless and the duck was not much to write home about. i was disappointed not to have given the place a better review. alas, i can't bring myself to compliment much. amazing! my wife and i were very pleased with our waiter, oliver. he suggested just the right red wine, was fine with us splitting, and conjured up a bread basket with olive oil as an appetizer. if i was ever going to be the owner of a small restaurant, this is the type of place i would want. just a simple restaurant with a dozen or so tables, uncomplicated, unrushed, unpretentious, excellent. i won't dwell on the menu, as it changes every day or week, which i love. i wish i could say i loved everything i had, but i didn't. my starter sounded delicious but was underwhelming and the flavors did not blend well together. the beef main course i had, however, was delicious and tender. we wanted dessert but were too full. this the restaurant for people who aren't fooled by the lights and fanfare of the more expensive london restaurants. if this was any other place, it would have moved and expanded, but the allure would be lost. make a reservation, with so few tables, it is hard to get in for primetime. i was told that this was the most romantic restaurant in london. i'm not sure what that person was smoking because it's not romantic at all. the food was just ok. we tried 5-6 small plates and weren't impressed with any of them. the wine was a different story. we could not stop trying different wines because each one that was recommended was amazing, like some of the best sweet wine i've ever tasted next to ice wine. the desserts her deserve 4-5 stars as well as they are all homemade. good food in a more traditional style. 3.5 starsfood: 3.5, atmosphere: 3, service: 3cost to worth it rating: 3 (starters ~7, mains ~17)return worthiness: maybehighlights:- clam bake type appetizer: very tasty and fun presentation in the large shell. best item we had- fish: prepared well - dessert: tried sticky toffee pudding- menu: handwritten was a nice touch- wine: good french selections even though my boss thought he was ordering a red and hit a white ;-)lowlights:- tables downstairs: feel a bit hidden. upstairs or outside is preferable - rushed us out cause they were trying to seat another table, so we had to finish one of our bottles of wine outsidehad a fine meal but i prefer more of a twist on traditional. we were there on a sunday night and had a great table by the window. crab as a starter and i had the risotto which was very nice though the portion could have been a little bigger. my boyfriend had the duck leg which was amazing!! wine was excellent too. it's not cheap but the food was great. i only stopped here briefly for a glass of champagne for a friends birthday and while it was fairly pricey, the place itself was lovely. the staff were very friendly and arranged for us to sit outside and informed us they were fully booked for dinner (it was monday night). i'd like to come back and try dinner here as the menu looked amazing! good service and great value dining. i love the dark wood paneling and candle light, which gives this place an incredibly old charm. i would almost say it would be romantic, but because of the popularity, it is incredibly loud and very tightly packed. this was a great meal. a gem of a restaurant, kind of hidden within soho, tricky to find unless you know the way. it's hard to get a table at last minute (but we picked up the final table for 4) and they only take reservations a week in advance. things to keep in mind.we were visiting friends in london and ended up here through the guidance of one of the members of the party. menu changes daily and specials on the board are definitely things to consider. it's spendy, so either be careful what you order or go in prepared to drop about 50 quid per person (with drinks). food was phenomenal, everything is quite well done. it can get loud due to the small space. dark, cosy and romantic. it's a restaurant that wraps you up in a slightly sexy cuddle, like a beautiful older french lady wearing her lover's jumper. imagine a ramshackle and quaint bistro, with disarmingly efficient and yet laid back staff, a wine list curated by someone with a keen eye for a bargain and fantastically fresh, unstuffy fare prepared from whatever the chef feels is best at the market that week. the menu is handwritten before being photocopied, the wine list changes weekly. paper cloths, mis-matching furniture and spluttering wine bottle candlesticks certainly aren't contrived, but certainly won't help win them a star.with such atmosphere, it's all we can do to stop ourselves ripping our clothes off then and there, but i didn't get the stomach i've got today by ignoring my basest food based desires at the exclusion of all others, so we dived into the menu instead. firm fleshed smoked eel comes with beetroot chutney and horseradish cream, complex but perfectly balanced mix of sharp and milky smooth flavour and soft but crunchy texture. i also somewhat share my obliging guest's cauliflower and cumin fritters. a firm patty fried and served with a delicate raita.the mains follow a similar rustic tack. there's nothing too challenging here, though the kitchen isn't afraid of a little nose to tail eating, when appropriate. a muscular and resolutely unthreatened hunk of fresh cod wearing a cape of herbs reclines royally on a bed of wilted spinach and tomato coated broad beans. it's not elegant, but my god does it taste good. and that's what little i managed to scavenge from under my guest's now watchful eyes.an angus beef shepherd's pie on the lunchtime menu didn't make it as far as the evening, i was smugly informed by our waiter it had wound up as the staff lunch. a shame, as i'd had my eye on it since walking past earlier and seeing it on the board outside. um'ing and ah'ing between a seafood paella, heaving with langoustine and shellfish, and a lamb shank i was finally able to kick the menu tourettes and dug into one of the best bits of throwaway lamb i can remember. sinking into a quicksand of pureed potato, it bravely clung onto a thick branch of perfectly cooked cabbage. to no avail, i drowned it in a thick gamey gravy and slowly stripped the soft, succulent meat from the thick bone.sated, though with just enough room to share a treacle tart from the trencherman's list, the end of the excellent rose sancerre turned my thoughts to matters romantic once more. we gazed at each other over the drippy candle and sighed... deeply... there's no doubt that the mood and the food provokes, but like macbeth's porter and his wine, while it provokes the desire its sheer volume takes away any possibility of the performance.reservations are only taken a week out, which is useful to know, and i find the upstairs a (tiny) bit more pleasant than the seating downstairs. just don't ask for my table, or i'll really have to kill you. i was introduced to andrew edmunds on a date with a friend who suggested that after a day of shopping in covent garden and neal's yard this soho establishment might be the thing i was looking for.he was right.on a quiet side-street from soho, andrew edmunds is somewhat out of place with its old-world european charm, cozy interior, and relaxed table seating. quiet, relaxed, and comfortably paced would be great ways to describe the environment.i chose an artichoke salad with goat's cheese grotin with olive oil drizzle, and a grilled chicken breast with a reduction of white wine and juices, accompanied by a selection of vegetables. both were delicious.my friend doesn't drink at all so i opted not to have any wine, but had i desired the list of french wine selections would have satisfied me i am certain.while we were eating i noticed several people try and walk in to have a booking, and were politely turned away. reservations are strongly suggested for this popular dinner spot in busy soho.andrew edmunds is a great place to bring or go on a date. great food, cozy atmosphere, and relaxed ambience make this one to remember. brits are famous for terrible service and i find this so frustrating. i've experienced some of the nicest and sweetest staff in this fair city and it really gets my goat when we get generalised like that. and then you go to andrew edmunds... oh andrew, what are you doing to me. all that hard work promoting ourselves as a foodie capital and you have a grumpy, rude and quite frankly, offensive staff member who seems to be working in your establishment on a regular basis.andrew edmunds serves up some fabulous food, at reasonable prices. our table of five enjoyed three courses and two bottles of rather wonderful wine at only 40 a head. there is a hand written menu and daily specials so you can expect something different each time you go. it's proper british fare: roasted meats, grilled fish, everything cooked in cream and fat.the food is its saving grace. i'll explain why. the restaurant itself is small and getting a booking is hard enough as it is, but when you get there, if you're greeted by the middle-aged female server, you'll think you're an unwelcome guest. she dished out attitude better than wine recommendations and huffed and tutted past our perfectly civil table several times. out waitress was actually a new girl who was a lot younger and she was wonderful, it was just the head woman who seemed to hate her job and made it very clear. it's such a shame as i'd love to recommend this place, but with her front of house, it's like sending a lamb into a lions den. she's up for a fight - terrifying when all you're looking for is a quite meal out with friends mid-week. if i were you, i'd go somewhere else, unless of course you are desperate to try the food here. andrew edmunds, heed this advice, put this pmt-infused woman back of shop, she obviously does not want to be here and makes walking into the establishment a below par experience. amazing. i'm getting hungry just recalling it. i'm from the states but go to london fairly often and on my last trip i met a friend here for dinner per her recommendation. we made a reservation, but had to wait a bit as we were kind of early. we were promptly sat at the bar and served delicious wine while we waited, and when our table was ready, we headed downstairs to a dimly lit room full of lively people. the menu was hand written and from what i was told, it changed quite often which is pretty great. i am going to be honest and say i don't quite remember the name of what i ordered but i can say it was absolutely delicious and left me wanting more. the waitstaff is great and attentive despite the business of the place, and it's in a great location and easily accessible. i recommend it to anyone i know venturing to london and they all seem to come back with similarly stellar reviews. i can't wait to go there again! despite several reviews citing unfriendly service, i had a great experience here with a group of five, and would say the service was above-average.the food is fantastic and quality of produce is amazing - if you like delicately prepared fresh vegetables and proteins, this place is for you.very romantic atmosphere, though i didn't see the downstairs area. would definitely go again. i've only been here once but almost every time anyone asks me where they should take a new date, i tell them here. it's a romantic little joint in a cramped, big family at christmas sort of way. it isn't pretentious and the food is nice and not too expensive and they know that the best candles have always been burning for a while. in general it's modern european done in a relaxed sort of way. it won't blow your mind but that's not always the best thing - just ask the ghost of kurt cobain. the service can be a little slow but if you know what it's like to love people for their flaws too it shouldn't really get in the way. this is a cosy charming inventive restaurant on a beautiful street in soho, surrounded by history and.. er great shopping.i recommend booking a few days in advance. the food is invariably wonderful, new and inventive. the menu changes regularly, and the wine list is cleverly constructed and accessible. i have never had bad service here and i was shocked by the low star reviews here, all based on what seems to be one member of staff. i hope andrew edmunds sorts this anomaly out. i want to bring friends here every time i come back to the uk.opposite is a wonderful restaurant called aurora, also well worth a try and somewhere to decamp to if the service lets you down in andrew edmunds. had dinner at andrew edmunds on saturday. i'd forgotten whata little gem this place was. from the outside it's small and unassuming which means you may easily pass by without asecond glance, but locals like myself aswell as other food lovers know that if you want good, honest food cooked reallywell then this is a winner every time. it's been here for years and has an oldsoho feel to the place that i love with its faded front leading into a warm, familiarground floor with happy chattering tables enjoying a slice of soho life. the oldscuffed wooden floors and little staircasewith its worn banister leading down to the basement offers a few more tables of various sizes and a moresubdued space ideal for catch ups between old friends or new lovers ( i firstcame here on a date- that later became my husband for a few years!).note- good tablemanners or very close friends areessential as elbow room on some tables is limited (this made for lots offootsie and diving onto other peoples plates to try what they were having easier for us). it all makes for a very cosy,fun time out; i seem to always come here with my very dearest friends. it'sreasonable (there were 6 of us and we paid about 50 each with starters, main,very good puddings plus wine). do try the black pudding with poached duck eggon a herby fritter or the cornish brill, the haddock risotto was also extremelygood and the rabbit was very tasty and nice to see on the menu in fact it'sall delicious whatever you pick. as it was a cold night this menu was perfectwith its winter fare feel to it (but lighter options like my brill meant therewas something for everyone) went w/ 3 friends one evening last week. such a small dark room one enters, a bar in the back and 2 spots across, scattered 2 + 4's in front. i've heard there's space downstairs. very tight quarters, quite close. good food, good service we found this great little restaurant through our insight guidebook. and it was a really great find in soho. if you don't look out for it, you'll miss it, so walk slow and take in the quiet charm of the street.we ordered:dressed crabpoached halibut and fingerling potatoesroasted monkfish with wrapped ham and fennel salad and roasted potatoesmango sorbetlemon tart with creme fraichethe crab was really refreshing. it rests in the shell of the crab itself and had a refreshing dressing to it. it's served simply, but definitely does not lack a punch in flavor.the halibut and monkfish were perfectly cooked. the fennel salad that came with the monkfish wasn't as strong in the licorice flavor as i thought it would be. very well done.the only thing that fell short was the mango sorbet. it wasn't a sorbet that we were used to and the mango flavor was definitely there. it tasted almost like ice cream and maybe a little too much mango flavor. the lemon tart was refined and refreshing.how many times can i write refreshing on this review? geez. anyway, great restaurant and let me just say that english food is not what people think it is. quite good, quite reasonable, and well, quite refreshing.61 for 2 for what we ordered. this place is a combination of modern interior, welcoming atmosphere and delicious food. do not miss any opportunity to go there. wonderful food in a casual, small cafe. started with in-season asparagus with a pecorino sauce, very lovely. next was lamb with mint, potatoes and green veg, also brilliant (i was worried about the mint, t was on the side and the regular lamb marinade was outstanding without the mint.) finished with eton smash- fresh strawberries with bits of meringue in a light whipped fresh cream sauce- incredible!all in all, a great night! had a lovely night with my girlfriend. this is one of the best romantic restaurants i've ever been to. quiet and relaxing atmosphere and nice staff making sure you are having great time. would recommend it to all my friends.	0	0	0	0	1
 if i could i would give them 20 stars.the food the service is great here.nothing goes wrong feel free to order whatever you like. the spicy naan was my favorite. chicken beryani was outstanding.i would go back again when i am back in london. good food , good service slightly overpriced for what it is but an enjoyable experience overall! some might erroneously call me unadventurous for never straying from my order of chicken tikka masala at an indian restaurant. others might correctly recognize that i simply wanted to honor "a true british national dish" (shout out to you, former british foreign secretary robin cook) in one of the world's most multicultural cities.dishoom is definitely the more popular indian restaurant in london, but i didn't want to risk having to wait for a table. punjab fit the bill perfectly. we were promptly seated and ordered chicken tikka masala, butter chicken, garlic naan, and rice. the garlic naan was so good that it has now ruined all other kinds of naan for me. both of our curry dishes included succulent, juicy chicken. while the butter chicken was extremely flavorful, i wish we would've gotten a vegetable dish instead because it started tasting a little repetitive. if you're torn between punjab and the dishoom in covent garden a few blocks from leicester square (even if you're already in line for dishoom), don't hesitate to give punjab a try. the decor here looks a bit traditional and outdated compared to dishoom's trendy atmosphere, but you can't go wrong with the curry at punjab. this review is a bit dated but ended up coming here again for my second trip. the inside is very clean and gives a sense of coziness. you can easily tell that many locals come to this location and for good reason. the staff are very pleasant and the food was okay but just what i needed. i wished it had a bit more spice to the chicken tikka and jalfrezi but that's possibly due to me comparing what i eat back home in los angeles. overall, it was a pleasant experience. i knew while i was in london that i had to eat some indian food. after spending a full day at warner brothers studio we went to yelp for suggestions. punjab had the highest stars with the most reviews, most places had under 50. we arrived around 7:30-8p on a monday night and the restaurant was fairly crowded. we put our names in and waited about 10 minutes before being seated. our waiter was friendly and personable, he made suggestions that we gladly took. we ordered: tikka masala, butter chicken, saag paneer, gobi aloo, and acharri gosht lamb, cheese naan and rice. we definitely ordered too much food. my friend also ordered samosas as an appetizer for herself. samosas: my friend loved them, they were hearty and the pastry they were cooked in had just the right amount of flaky texture to it. she wasn't a fan of the mint chutney she ordered with them and i tasted it and was also underwhelmed. tikka masala: delicious. the chicken was juicy and tender and the sauce was rich and creamy. i wish it had a little bit more spice butter chicken: the sauce was amazing. i couldn't stop dipping the naan in it. it was the right amount of spice and so flavorful. the chicken also was cooked wonderfully and fell off the bone. lamb dish: delicious. flavorful and juicy. i only had a small amount of this but my friend was in love. saag paneer: was good, not great. would probably pass on this dish if i came again. gobi aloo: my boyfriend loved it. i didn't try any. he said it was the best he's had. cheese naan: cheese and bread are the perfect pairing. this didn't disappoint. the flavors of the food and the service definitely makes me want to visit this restaurant again if i'm ever in london. it's the oldest indian food restaurant in the city! we arrived for dinner about 5:30 pm on a saturday after taking in a 2:30 show in west end. the place was already busy but we were seated promptly. it filled up shortly after we arrived. we selected punjab because it was highly rated on yelp and once again yelp was right!!i don't eat a lot of indian food, but this is the best i can remember. our amazing appetizer was kandu puru, the pumpkin bread. our courses were acharri murgha (chicken curry) and methi gosht (lamb curry). both were exceptionally prepared, tender meats and truly delicious sauces. we accompanied it with cheers naan which was also delicious. my favorite of the dishes was the chicken curry. the menu states "has to be experienced once in a lifetime" and i'm glad i experienced it!service was fast and extremely friendly and attentive. highly recommend!! our experience was not a bad one... but when you're eating indian in london man do you have a lot of competition so at this point the food needs to be damn good in order to have a high rating. the service was very good and the wait was not too long on a saturday evening- maybe 15 minutes. samosas were alright (i feel bitchy saying meh), and the prawn puri and king prawn bunha were also ok. they were slightly disappointing from flavour and temperature. keep in mind that i've become snobbish when it comes to indian food in london at this point. i did, however, love the cheesy naan. it's a very subtle light cheese inside the naan and adds a beautiful creamy and fluffiness. it's a nice indian restaurant in a very good location but you can find much better (and much worse) elsewhere. what a great place! we are visiting from los angeles, and saw results on yelp. we knew we had to have curry at some point during our trip, and we weren't disappointed. even without reservations, we were quickly ushered to a table and food came our perfectly -- savory, flavorful, and delicious! we ordered the pumpkin on bread, butter chicken (savory as it should be , not sweet), methi gosht (might not be spelling this correctly!), bullet naan (garlic and chilis! heaven!!), aloo paratha, and butter naan. this was enough for dinner and some leftovers for tomorrow :) besides that, the owner and staff are wonderful -- friendly and good-natured. definitely recommend this place! i went here on my only night free in london based on other yelp reviews, and was not disappointed. i do not normally seek out indian food on my trips, but the reviews were fantastic and again it did not disappoint. i wish i could tell you what me and my guest ordered, but we ordered a lamb curry dish and a chicken curry dish based on the suggestion of the waiter or manager. we had naan bread, and white rice, and the local beers again, i wish i could say more about the dishes other than the spices were perfect, medium was just right, and the atmosphere was fantastic. it felt very much like a local, cozy place to eat for locals. i would highly recommend to anyone.. had lunch with my husband at punjab today...ambiance was nice enough and the restaurant was about 1/3 full on a wednesday afternoon at 2pm.service isn't friendly at all ... not sure why? food was pretty good but the biggest problem was that the spice level was pretty intense. if my mouth hadn't been on fire the whole time i was eating i surely would have enjoyed the chole, the bhindi, and the aloo gobi much more. the rice and naan were good (no spice obviously).prices are quite reasonable.overall i just wish the food wasn't so spicy! if we could somehow get mild food we'd definitely return. this is the first indian restaurant in london's history. the menu is quite extensive and there are some unique items that aren't found in majority of restaurants. the food was quite good, but after going to dishoom a few nights before i felt this restaurant was a bit of a let down based on the standards of dishoom. the owners and staff were very helpful and took time to talk to us. really delicious punjabi indian food in london! on my one week trip to london this past week we looked for indian food since we heard that it's your best bet at good food in london (otherwise notorious for having shitty food).the restaurant itself was packed on a friday night around 8pm, but luckily there was barely any wait (10 min or so). i ordered the lamb madras since it was the only item under lamb labeled "hot/spicy". it was such tender lamb - i was actually surprised but it may be the most tender lamb i've had at any indian restaurant. the sauce was spicy enough, 7/10 on my spicy level scale (i love spicy food for reference). the curry flavor was really yummy, packed with just enough spices for that kick. my friend ordered one of their tandoori chicken dishes and i was equally surprised by how juicy the chicken pieces were (they didn't come with bone, so that's even more surprising). they poured a shot of (alcohol) on her chicken tandoori sizzling plate and lit it up with a match - the fire was huge so be wary of your hair! the mango lassi drink was perfect and not too sweet. the only letdown was the appetizer - we ordered the prawn puri and it came with such tiny shrimp (def not prawn....). skip that appetizer!overall - food was delicious, portions a bit small for the price (approx 20 pounds per person) as we had no leftovers. i'm usually almost always left with leftovers at indian restaurants in the states...if i'm back in london i'll be sure to visit punjab again :) found this place on yelp and decided to go in for lunch with my mother who said she does not like indian food. i told her give it a chance. i ordered for her. we had cobra beer to drink and paneer pakora to start (the sauce with the paneer was great!) for our mains we had chicken tikka masala and pudina gosht (lamb). the mildness of the tikka masala with the spicy pudina gosht was great complements to one another. the meat in both dishes was tender and the seasonings were spot on. to go with our mains we had pilau rice and garlic naan. both were excellent. if we weren't so full we would have ordered more!the only thing i can say is the service is a bit brusk on cheeriness but fast response times and there wasn't much of a wait between ordering and receiving food.we came in around 2pm on a thursday and one side was full. by the time we started eating our side had every table occupied as well. the decor of the restaurant is also great with old photographs decorating the walls.can't wait to return on my next visit to london! great food! the chicken tikka masala is different than i've had at other places. but it's a great difference. it was so tasty. probably the best i have ever had! service was also great. one thing both my wife and i noticed is that the staff here is so very nice, warm and welcoming. they even saw a homeless woman outside wearing a brown shawl and went out to offer her some food! i mean come on! talk about paying it forward! not only does your establishment deserve an award in customer service and quality and taste of your food, but throw in a humanitarian award in there as well for helping out someone in need! i give all of the staff here my highest respect! that's for making me, my wife and my sleeping son (lol) feel so very welcome in a place that is truly amazing! we were so very fortunate to have stopped by to eat here. thanks again! i admit i had some reluctance to come here as opposed to the newer, more modern indian restaurants which are more trendy in london these days. but i have no regrets, it was delicious. of course, we ordered the butter chicken and tikka masala.  both were so delicious, i ate past the point of fullness. great tasting food. i had chicken tikka masala and sag paneer. lots of cheese in the paneer. food was spiced just right. a bit expensive. they charge for rice aide dish. same dishes were $30 in nyc vs 30 pounds in u.k. . i would highly recommend. line was fast less than 10 mins to be seated on a friday night. lighting was awful. not a romantic place to take a date. best indian food i ever had. from the service to food, everything was perfect! many thanks to staff for providing exceptional service. cheers! this is an awesome place to get indian food when you're in london. very home style cooking. usually not too long a wait to get a table. not a fancy place. the naan wasn't great but the food is very good. good stop if you're in the area. what i ordered: chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, samosas and naanflavor: this was probably the best chicken tikka masala i've ever had. i've heard this is one of, if not the first place to serve the dish so if you come here, definitely get that.service: pretty attentive.atmosphere: nice traditional old school indian restaurant decor and music.price: good for the quality.location: great location. in walking distance from the west end and picadilly circus. so a nice pre-show meal if you plan on seeing any plays.other comments: i would definitely come back here. i came to london from germany looking for good indian food-- this place was the best. the food was near authentic and their chai tea was so good.we had chicken vindaloo and the shrimp curry-- with some rice and naan. amazing! food: meh. ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, naan, garlic naan, and basmatic rice. so, i thought chicken ticken masala was tandoori chicken in a tomato cream sauce. well, this was very dry chicken breast that was never tandoori chicken in a pretty good tomato cream sauce. like i said, meh. but basmatic rice and naan was really good.service: good. but who cares if the food is meh.atmosphere: clean, classy, formal.visited on 20 june 2017. i wasn't going to leave london without eating chicken tikka masala (it was invented here, or so i'd heard) and made a special trip to punjab based on the reviews. in fact my wife and i almost didn't eat here because when arriving and asking for a table for 2, the host barked "go outside and wait til i see what i have" which was a little off putting, since it was a cold december night and we had no idea how long we'd be expected to stand out there. we also arrived at the same moment as a drunken group of 8 who the same host basically told to hit the bricks as they couldn't be accommodated. as we were walking away i heard him calling for the table of 2 so we scurried back and they seated us a few minutes later. the upstairs dining room was much quieter than the downstairs. at first it was eerily quiet but eventually they turned on some indian music that improved the the atmosphere a bit. whoever wrote the menu has a good sense of humor. i appreciated that when reading some of the descriptions. after 2 entrees, 2 naan breads, 2 drinks, and the service charge, the total came to 44. great food, unmemorable service, pricier than your typical takeout. overall a good choice if you only have limited time in london and you can get in the door. best service! i was so glad we found this establishment which not only have a great staff and amazing food, but so much history behind it. everything we had was amazing. definitely the spot i will be visiting when i'm back in the area. felt like we needed to have indian for dinner!! there was a little bit of wait to get in but it wasn't too bad. ordered the butter chicken and naan for myself! i felt the naan was a little dry and the butter chicken and lacking a bit of a kick that you usually get with the spices. service wasn't too bad. our only complaint was one of the waiters had knocked down my friend's full bottle of beer and didn't replace it. we had to ask him to do it. i think i had high expectations based on other reviews i had seen. so i found punjab to be average. you're in london. you have to get indian food. i don't really think it's an option.i saw this restaurant on one of those shows on travel channel or it was on food network or something but i had it bookmarked.it's in covent gardens so expect it to be pricey for sure.i did not have a reservation but i was by myself and i was there relatively early for a saturday night so i figured i would chance it and just walk over to the restaurant after going to laduree to pick up macaroons for my trip home.i was seated upstairs at a table. the servers were nice and attentive. the food gets delivered via dumbwaiter up and down the stairs for the most part.i order butter chicken, garlic naan and some rice. it was the perfect amount of food but man was it expensive. it was basically one airline breast of chicken and one piece of naan with a plate of rice and it was over 40 gbp. was it good food? yes. it was really good. i would imagine if i was there with a group of people and we order a bunch of things we could share, but i have to question how would you share one piece of chicken?overall, i'll definitely be back again if given the chance since it was really good, but it would probably depend on what else i spent money on during that trip after a lengthy visit at the british museum, we hungered for some hardy indian food. punjab definitely fulfilled this desire. here is my take on the service, atmosphere, and most importantly, the food.appetizers:we ordered samosas, a favorite of ours, to start the meal.rating: 3/5the samosas were decent, but lacked the complexity(in terms of spices) that is necessary for a good samosa.entrees:i ordered the chicken tikka special; boneless chicken pieces with tandoori seasoning and onions flambed in brandy at the table side. quite delicious pairing with mint yogurt sauce that comes on the side. my only complaint is that the chicken was mildly dry and some of the onions were burnt to blackness. the sauce helped overcome the dryness.rating 4/5my son ordered the methi murga; pieces of chicken submerged in mildly spicy tomato sauce with onions. he said that the chicken was very good but the sauce was a bit soupy and needed more onions. rating 4.5/5desert:i ordered gulab jamun; it had a pleasing doughy texture although i felt the liquid it was bathing in was overly sweet and overwhelmed the more subtle flavors.rating 3/5my son ordered mango lassi; mangoes submerged in a sweet syrup. he said it tasted wonderful, with the syrup covering the tartness of the mango but not overwhelming the flavor.rating 5/5recommendation: if you are in the area punjab is a great place to dine. overall, i was disappointed in my experience at punjab, which has been recognized throughout the world as " the oldest north indian restaurant in london." to be honest, i was saddened by my chicken tikka massala (which, to be honest, tasted more like an american chili than the classic dish i expected - waaaaaaaaaay too much cumin in this recipe). the atmosphere was fine, but nothing special, and the food was a bit overpriced for the quality. all in all, this was a rather lackluster experience with food that was average, at best. while punjab may be the oldest indian restaurant in london, it's certainly not the best - by far. my friend took me to punjab for good indian food and he wasn't kidding. the service was quick and we ordered a lot. we shared chicken tikka masala, paneer, and lamb curry. we each got garlic naan bread and i got basmati rice and he got white rice. i also ordered the cucumber salad. our selection was so good- the curries were flavorful and rich! my salad was sort of sad, i was expecting larger chunks of vegetables, but it did its purpose in cleanses my palate after eating some curry and naan. overall, punjab is definitely a place i recommend and would come back to! delicious classic, light indian dishes. owner was so friendly and accommodating. we loved the carrot cake! the food here is reallllly good. i had a little bit of everything because i was dining with a large group. they have several spicy dishes that are actually spicy enough to taste the difference. they have 4 or 5 different kinds of naan. we were kind of loud due to the size of our party but the way waitstaff was as very understanding and patient with my group.	1	0	1	0	0
 my favorite comfort vietnamese food on a cold day. the atmosphere is warm and cozy and food is delicious. after a full day of nonstop unhealthy eating i was looking for clean veggie filled food. we shared the papaya salad to start, veggie pho with beef broth (yum), and morning glory with garlic. all of the dishes were light and flavorful, and plated beautifully. have tried the squid and duck rice dishes and those were fantastic as well. will come back again and again :) ngon ngon locates right next to the main street, so probably quite difficult to find parking around. from the outside, it looks like a warm and friendly place and this has proven to be true - service is fast and welcoming. there are quite a few vietnamese places around this area but ngon ngon definitely stands out as one of the better ones in terms of selection of ingredients and flavours. the most important point of vietnamese food is it's aroma - not that the food need to be more salty or more spicy, but the natural aroma that's lifted from the herbs and pho from this place definitely has that natural aroma and non-artificial taste. the well-done beef brisket was soft and tender, the beef and chicken slices were smooth and fresh. i also ordered the salt and pepper chicken wing as starter, i was glad to find the aroma and flavours are there, but it's not too salty at all!! very nice with the dip too.whilei was eating, i also saw one of the waiters carefully picking off the ends of each individual bean sprouts - with such careful dedication to their ingredients, no wonder their food is so nice. very nice and cozy... food is good and service pretty nicewings are good pho soup are all good. a friend and i went for a sporadic dinner and had one of our best pho experiences. i had the well done beef pho, which was delightful. the broth was flavourful, and the beef briskets were perfectly marbled. my friend had the sauted beef pho, which she enjoyed as well. around us, people seemed to be having a variety of dishes, all of which looked great. service was good, though i did feel the staff could be a bit friendlier. dishes were brought out promptly, and we had no other major issues. ambience was casual and cosy -- a neighbourhood kind of place. could be great for an easy family meal too, as they seemed to have reasonable amount of table space and downstairs as well. i headed in this direction in search of a korean restaurant that i had bookmarked. they were supposed to be open until 3pm, but at 2:30 they had a "closed" sign hung on the door.i then walked down a bit until i found this place and i'm so glad that i did. i had the pork bun (think vermicelli noodle salad) which was amazing. just the right balance of flavours and textures. i felt guilty adding a bit of sriracha to up the heat, because the balance was absolutely perfect.i also had the spicy beef pho. very tasty, however it has a strong smell and taste of beef in the soup, so i wouldn't recommend it unless you love your beef. there are plenty of other options on the menu too and when i saw them set up for evening service as i left, i realised that the dinner menu has more options than the lunch menu. the staff were excellent and took good care of me despite my arriving close to their closing time. they had unfortunately run out of the vietnamese iced coffee, but they had my favourite aloe vera drink and it was a lovely accompaniment to the light and healthy meal.i love tonkotsu ramen style broth, but on a sunny day like today, pho is absolutely perfect. we were visiting just for the night and we're stay at the bryson hotel. this place is super close, clean and spacious enough for 10 tables. i had the beef and chicken special and loved it ! my wife had the veggie vermicelli and loved it . the service was fast and pleasant overall the food is a bit spicy and we can handle spicy from ca . but would definitely recommend this place ! after conversion came to about $40 dollars (but we had an appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 beers) so about right i am reluctant to write my review seeing the last poor reviews given. i did you go to this place maybe 2 months ago...? so my review may not be the most up to date.i had a rather good experience with both the service and the food. the place was not really busy which may explain the good service. we were also seated upstairs. the decoration is rather basic. as for the meal, i quite enjoyed it. i had a chicken and noodle dish which was really good. as starters we had spring rolls which were probably the best i have had. we ordered a seconds of the spring rolls.one of the main selling points is the prices. really good prices considering the portions! my tip to judge the quality of an asian place is to go for the classics first. when testing a thai, i generally go for the red chicken curry; and for the vietnamese, spring rolls are generally a good benchmark :) sadly, the spring rolls here were pretty small and tasteless, and the rest wasn't much much better. the noodles in my spicy pho seemed very random, and the overall broth just lacked taste as well :( chicken satay can be so delicate, but here it was more "sauce over big chunks of chicken". dishes came out super quickly (which is never a good sign) and the sweet waitress had to come twice to finally get our order right, made of 2 starters and 2 mains. i might give ngon ngon another chance..not sure when though, there are so many great vietnamese options around... just a top notch rating from me on all counts. we stopped by for some crispy salt and pepper squid which was really well prepared, perfectly balanced flavours and textures and a generous portion. top rating. i enjoyed a bowl of monkfish pho. again great flavoured soup, generously loaded with fish slices (lightly battered) and aromatics.food came quickly, was delicious, and good value.the staff were welcoming and friendly and great service so looking forward to coming back. ngon ngon is quite a new vietnamese restaurant situated in clerkenwell, taking the former cafe vn. due to it's more commercial area it is more quiet during the weekend than the weekdays, especially during lunch hours. however it went through a lovely refurbishment with it's more welcomed yellow walls making the place seem more airy and bright, giving the place a nice wooden lodge cabin feel to it. the tables were nicely laid out, spacious with good natural light coming in too.our waiter could have been a little more jollier. most of the time he just stood there bored looking at their empty restaurant. the other staff seem to be more happier, one preparing the sprouts whilst the other remain on his phone nearly most of the timevietnamese spring rolls as much as i enjoyed the crispiness and how greaseless these were, i found the skin too thick masking a lot of flavour and texture of the filing. from the photo i uploaded you can see how they were double wrapped. however i did enjoy the variation of meats in the filling, from shrimp, squid to pork which helped recover some flavour. nuoc nam was perfectly sour to sweet, mild on the chilli which made a refreshing dipping sauce to balance out the heavinessgrilled quailthese were definitely worth ordering. being quail they don't have a lot of meat on it but whatever was there was worth getting your fingers dirty for. the meat was incredibly flavoursome, rich, juicy and tender in the honey and vietnamese spices it was marinated in. the dipping sauce it came with which tasted like salty sour plum was amazing, a bit strong so just a little dip will do the trick, sending a whole complex range of flavour across the quail.vietnamese crepe with prawns some have achieved a thinner crepe but this was still very satisfyingly thin, crispy and eggy. it was the filling that let it down a bit, lacking wok energy and a bit too wet with a monotone soy cornstarch slurry over the prawns and beansprouts. needed more depth. but the variation of textures won it over for me. lovely crunches and bounciness from the prawns. the nuoc nam aided it with flavour and a generous amount of vietnamese herbs for complexity and to soak up the moisture.salted and peppered while seabass very presentable but poorly executed. the fried fish pieces delivered no flavour, bland and uninspiring. none of the onions, salt or pepper rubbed onto the fish which meant it lacked wok energy. the batter was chewy rather than crispy. the whole dish was desperately reliant on the nuoc nam for flavour.grilled pork bn a very refreshing dish. the noodles were perfectly al dente topped over with aromatic pieces of grilled pork, packed full of flavour with a nice smokey edge to it from where it was charred. peanuts and deep fried onions added a nice contrast in texture and added flavour. herbs gave it complexity and made it peppery. could have been a bit more generous with the nuoc nam seeing the size of the dish but a very minute problem seeing how delicious the dish was overall.spicy beef noodles an excellent take on bun bo hue. the broth had depth and complexity with nice sour and spicy notes. the noodles were the authentic round kind, wonderfully slippery against the generous amount of tender rare beef slices which had a good amount of fatty bits giving it that richness in flavour and sweetness.morning glory with garlicthis was nice to have as a side and cooked well where the garlic flavours really infused into the greens itself. lacked wok energy although seasoning was perfect and a nice cornstarch slurry so the morning glory was kept moist and the flavours attached. ngon ngon is a quite a good choice if you're looking for decent vietnamese food. it's definitely not perfect and lacks passion to deliver the best out of all the dishes especially with any dish requiring a wok as it seems they know how to let the oil heat up before putting the ingredients in to allow the flavours to be released. their grilled dishes, noodle soups and buns are definitely more successful and if i was to return, i will stick to that. i would give a 3-stars, but i'll give the 4-star review because my expectations are based on an area where pho is far more popular; i believe the pho in london is generally not very good, but these guys had an alright vegetable pho.the noodles were excellent as well as the tofu, but something just seemed a bit off with the broth and i was disappointed with what looked like a small serving size to me. i couldn't tell if the broth was truly vegetarian or not. darker colour is usually an indicator that meat was used, but i didn't notice any of the oily spots associated with the meat broth. i'm thinking it was probably a very strong mushroom broth, but i am still not sure and i didn't bother to ask (i'm not a vegetarian, but i prefer vegetarian dishes). the other components of the pho, such as the mushrooms and chinese broccoli, were also good. i think the pho could have greatly benefited with some onions, carrots, and larger broccoli pieces such as the ones you'll see at sainsbury's for ~ 50 p and some bok choy. the price of this dish was shy of 8.the presentation of the pho was beautiful. it came in a tall looking bowl, and the platter was very unique! the ambiance of the area was very calming and there was plenty of comfortable seats to choose from. i must admit the lighting was a bit dim, but i'm not sure if a super bright place would be fitting for their room and the yellow walls and artwork compensated for it anyways. i liked that there were seating facing the window, but i chose a table instead because i had my backpack and felt it would be easier to sit it along the table instead. if i lived in that area, then i would probably choose to grab a bowl each day, hang out, and work on assignments from my modules at the university.customer service was excellent. i was promptly seated, they understood my order well, and they allowed me to keep the menu to look at other dishes if i may have wanted to order more. i was tempted because the selection was very good... egg fried rice appeared to be a reasonably good price and i was curious about the vegetarian and tofu rolls (seems the difference between the two was primarily the taro root in the vegetarian one). nothing appeared wrong with it, but i simply didn't feel like having a starter/side today. i was able to pay for my meal quickly after i finished, and the staff were very friendly and could maintain a conversation.overall: i would recommend this place to friends who are visiting london and want pho. the ambiance was nice and i'd love hanging out there, and the staff did an excellent job. i had such high expectations of this place having read the fantastic reviews coming in but i have to say i was disappointed. i found the service slow and confused - we had to order with 3 different people. i found the food flavourless and overly greasy and we were placed downstairs in a windowless room (obviously i understand that they were busy but i would have waited for a table upstairs if we would have been asked).i opted for the chicken satay and chicken stir fry- the chicken satay actually wasn't too bad and i did like the sauce but found the chicken a bit too chewy. then the stir fry with flat noodles - it came and shined, instantly knowing it was definitely more greasy than it should have been for vietnamese. the veg within was cooked well but over all i just wasn't satisfiedmaybe it was because it was a busy day and i feel i would come back and give it another try but yeah, a disappointment for me on this occasion. there has been a lot of new vietnamese restaurants opening around london recently : viet food in soho and fold on brick lane which i have planned to visit pretty soon.seeing all the vietnamese dishes on my twitter timeline i decided to pay a visit to my old local restaurants around holborn - banh mi bay.on that occasion we were not very lucky with my boyfriend as banh mi bay was already full. we went instead on clerkenwell road (3 minutes away) to ngon ngon.we arrived around 1.30pm. ngon ngon was absolutely packed too but we managed to get the last empty table. while we were ordering, we were informed that unfortunately they had totally sold out of banh mi. my boyfriend was a bit disappointed.we started our meal by sharing some prawn, pork and squid spring rolls. they were very light, crispy and full of flavour. i liked the fact they had squid in as it gave an extra texture to the usual classic prawn and pork spring rolls you get anywhere else.as a main dish, my boyfriend had the pho tai, which was rice noodles in a clear beef broth with slim rare cuts of beef. it came with some chili, lime and herbs on the side.i tried his dish, the broth was packed in flavour (even without herbs and spice). the beef was also really tasty and not chewy at all.i had stir fried flat noodles with chicken (pho xao ga). it came with some crispy vegetables: carrot, pak choi, courgette and crispy onions on top. i thought the dish was pretty good, and also had the perfect balance of meat, carbs and vegetables. i remember at banh mi bay the portions are usually slightly bigger but you end up with more noodles than meat or vegetables.service at ngon ngon was pretty good and quick, we waited only 5 minutes between ordering and getting dishes on the table. our waiter was the restaurant manager, who was pretty efficient, nice and friendly.overall i think ngon ngon was close to be the perfect restaurant for a short lunch break for 10 or less per head. all the dishes were delicious and smelled amazing. it would have probably been the perfect place if they hadn't sold out of banh mi by 1.30pm. dropped in here for a lunch after out plan to hit leather lane market was scuppered due to the rain. lunch was served fast and it was good! i had the pork and rice which was really tasty and my friend had the rare pho. good prices, great service, and perfect for a quick lunch. i was back in my office within an hour. how does this restaurant have more reviews? i am reluctant to share on the secret but i am compelled to express how great the food is! we went in on saturday early evening, it was quiet so it was easy to find a table. we ordered vietnamese spring rolls which were so delicious we had to order another batch. the chicken satay was also yummy. for the main i tried the special salt and peppered beef which was also really good. we also tried the flat noodle chicken, again this was good. no room for dessert! the service is also good, everyone is kind and polite. all this and at a reasonable price. i can't wait to go back and have been wholeheartedly been recommending. just go! after a very long day of travel and sightseeing in the rain, this place was a great choice for a take-out dinner. the spicy seafood and spicy tofu pho were flavorful and warming. the prawn crepe was delicious, and so were the fresh rolls. all of the plentiful vegetables were very fresh. we ate a ton and the bill was very reasonable. if we weren't so exhausted we would have stayed to eat -- the place had a fun vibe to it. my wife remarked after we finished off everything that if we lived here we would eat at ngon ngon often. was here for a team lunch and we were the first to arrive, having booked a table for 12pm. not long after the place was rammed packed and food started coming out. watching plates of sizzling dishes on super hot cast iron pans was nearly unbearable.we ordered a bunch of starters, the crispy squid was okay, but definitely not the best in london as the manager claimed. i ordered the chef special of the day which was hanoi fish with noodles. it was lovely, fresh and sizzling. count me very happy.sadly they didn't have their famous watermelon juice. apparently they've stopped doing it because it was attracting a lot of flies to the restaurant, something i completely accept. it's a shame though.price was pretty good and portions very decent. would come back again for sure. neat little place. friendly and fast service. the chicken pho i had was excellent and not at all fatty. highly recommend. we all loved our food so much! we started with an order of the spring rolls and summer rolls - both delicious. the prawn summer rolls had a strong coriander/basil flavor and were served with a delicate sauce, much different than the traditional peanut sauce. very surprising and refreshing. i got the spicy pork pho soup, one of the best i've had. super fresh ingredients, loved the texture of the noodles, broth was spicy and very layered. absolutely divine.service was spot on - our waiter was classy, extremely polite, and attentive. this is the kind of place you could eat at every day and not feel bad because it's affordable, tasty, fresh, and healthy. yum!! best pho i have ever had/or have had in years. it is the cutest place- very clean and cute with bright yellow walls. you can tell they care about food and it's presentation here. which kinda surprised us because we were just looking for a really cheap pho place and expected a hole in the wall spot. the woman who served us was so kind! 8  for a bowl of really tasty pho, perfectly cooked meat and noodles. i'd be back any time if in london! good place for a cute date that won't break the bank. great service and good food. im from the bayarea ca and was planning to be disappointed with the authenticity and taste. boy, i was surprised. 1) the shaking beef was so tender, and flavorful. 2) spicy beef pho was decent, the quality of the beef was on point. a tad bit over priced for pho. but, what do i know about the pho market here in london. 3) egg roll (spring rolls) was the best. i will order double portion next time. very good authentic vietnamese foods that we can find during our short visit to london. from the taste to the presentation of each disk, the vietnamese chef has done it well. i often have cravings for vietnamese food and i stumbled upon this place, thanks to yelp. i like the atmosphere as it is casual and comfortable. i have been several times, both by myself and in a small group and the service is consistently fine. there are no frills per se, but one is welcomed and served expeditiously.the food here is very much to my taste. i typically lean toward pho, but in this place i have tried many other dishes and find myself preferring the vermicelli dishes more. their vietnamese coffee is also delicious! excellent vietnamese food. tofu rolls were refreshing. pho warmed and filled me with good flavor and spice. drip coffee was good and strong. excellent all-around lunch meal. this is a wonderfully authentic place with delicious papaya salad and spicy pho. the papaya salad was different in a fun way and compared to what we got living in hawaii. it was also very reasonably priced. highly recommend! what a brilliant little find in clerkenwell. went here with my girlfriend for dinner and had a lovely meal. staff were welcoming, passionate and the food was amazing. who says you have to be in old st. for quality vietnamese food?can't wait to return again! 5 stars. most authentic vietnamese restaurant in the area (if not in london), especially the pho that is simmering for over 10 hours. our favourite local joint ran by a lovely family, you can taste their passion through the food. i had the pork bun and lemon tea for dinner. super delicious and service was exceptional. i will definitely plan to come back again if i am in town. this place was one of the few restaurants that were open in clerkenwell on a sunday night. the entrees were good and decently priced; we started with the crispy duck appetizers, and had the whole fish with ginger and crispy duck as entrees. the crepe with prawns is a must-try! i had the duck pho and my bf had the spicy beef, both dishes were absolutely delicious! and the spicy beef was not that spicy.	1	1	1	0	0
 the finest lebanese food in the u.k. by far. staff are exceptional. my wife and i went twice this week and the staff welcomed us back like we were old friends. and the dining room was booked solid with people. the veg options are spectacular and the falafel is just so delicious that we could make a meal out of it alone - (well maybe along with their freshly baked pita!)as an example of the professionalism of the staff, at the next table was a rude loud classless american complaining about her fake gluten allergy and why wasn't she told about ingredients, etc. well, why not ask, silly woman? in any event the staff handled her with calmness and grace. i felt embarrassed about the antics of my countryman. lastly, make sure you get here. you will not be disappointed! and don't miss their baklava! wow! heard london had great lebanese cuisine, found this place through the yelp app. location is nicely decorated, white table cloths but a casual feel. server made some recommendations to share a bunch of mezze and split a grill plate. they really pushed the wine here and seemed to have a good selection.we were directed toward standard choices like hummus, baba, and falafel but, being familiar with the cuisine, chose to try the labneh, sojok (homemade sausages), and arayes (filled with lamb and onion), which were all good. the babaghanouj, mountain salad, and halloumi were also pretty decent but less interesting. the grill plate added onto that (with lamb, shish taouk, and kafta) was just the right amount to share and we left stuffed. pricing was fair for the amount received. food was more generally mediterranean than specifically lebanese. this food makes me happy. my friend eva brought me here for dinner and enjoyed it. great tasting food and good value for the amount of food you get. i have found a new place to add to my list of regular restaurant to visit when i'm in london. the manager and the staff were extremely accommodating. the owner even stopped by to chat! small place, but the food has big flavors! super delish! this place is totally overrated by reviewers. tiny smelly place woh terrible service . food is average lebanese food , but service is far worse then any other lebanese place ever been to by any standard . rude and cranky . even while sitting us they were rude . the food was just dropped on the table . wanting something different and always having good memories about lebanese food, we gave this place a try. attentive service with a smile and a good atmosphere. i had the hot mezze, hummus with lamb and mixed nuts which was good but i've tasted better hummus (had the consistency of mashed potato) followed by the mixed grill which was great, the lamb and chicken were cooked to perfection and everyone else loved their meal as well. we sat for a while afterwards chatting and laughing and there was no rush to pay the bill and clear out.i am torn between the prices being a bit on the pricey side and being fair, i think the hummus starter was expensive for what it was and the drinks were ranging from 2.50-3.50 for soft drinks/water and fruit juices. it was a great dinner and would definitely pay them a visit again. absolutely amazing food. the owner couldn't have been any nicer and more informative. he was patient with our questions and very detailed in his answers. he also offered suggestions to our party of 5. the food was very flavorful and the portion sizes excellent. there was not one member of my party that wasn't satisfied. a definite do over !!! the line here was crazy long but the food was definitely worth it. i was on vacation with my friends in london so everything seemed expensive but this was one of the places i still remember the food from because it was so delicious.i ordered the fetteh which is a lamb dish covered in warm yogurt, fried onions, pita chips, and pomegranate seeds. everything about this dish was ridiculously good. my friends ordered assorted kebabs and other foods which they enjoyed but people seemed to like this fetteh most! this is the best food in london. every time i am in london i come here. everyone i tell them about it loves it too. great food and great staff!! a must try when in london!! could not be happier with dinner at this place... stayed locally in the area and the food was perfection, the service was fabulous and tariq the manager was so hospitable and sweet to us. the labneh is a must and sea bass was fabulous!! wish we left room for dessert but there is always next time excellent lebanese cuisine. the kibbeh and shawarma are particularly good.i've been to orjawan twice now and i'll be very sorry that there isn't orjawan home in the states. the high bar they set on our first visit was remarkable but the second dinner we've had there was even better.the food was fresh and extremely well prepared. the meats were cooked perfectly, succulent, tender, flavorful and nicely spiced. the breads were not cold or rewarmed but oven fresh. the hummus was clearly not just ladelled out of a plastic bin -- ground smooth without any distasteful grittiness. the sauces were light, tangy and an excellent compliment to the lamb and the kibbi were tender, tasty and so good that they didn't need any embellishment whatsoever. food and service was great. definitely satified late night cravings. good cooked fresh to order. friendly and professional service. wait line can be a challenge if you are in a hurry, but worth it. highly recommend. 2nd time i've been here. every time i had a really good experience. service is really good and the food is off the charts. well priced as well. the haloumi is a must. recommend the moussaka as well. amazing food! i've been looking for lebanese food that could match what i had in saudi arabia for the better part of the last decade and i have finally found it! got the mixed grill based on a yelp recommendation and it was phenomenal! the white sauce that comes with it is amazing! great place, very close to the earls court tube station on the district and circle lines if you're trying to find it. i've eaten at most of the little restaurants there and most are good but this one is the best! very tasty food. had a group of six and was a bit tight for seating (downstairs) but the staff was very friendly. we tried the kibbie, hummus, and lamb and chicken schwarma and all of them were very good. orjowan serves up beautiful lebanese food at reasonable prices. the falafel here is cooked to perfection -- flavourful and not too dry; chicken shawarma is tender and not overly seasoned; love the minted lemonade -- so refreshing and not too sweet; and finally, the most memorable for me are the chicken wings with garlic sauce. i still dream about this light and creamy sauce that paired perfectly with the moist wings. i'd go back in a heartbeat! yum! the food here, is great! loved the hummus, lamb shawarma, and thin, soft pita. so much on the menu that looks good. great lebanese restaurant. nice, classy interior with professional but not stuffy service.started with a few mezze and the big complaint was did not order more dishes. the hummus was great, probably the best i have had in london. falafel was perfect. my son had the fried calamari and ate it all (much to my chagrin). also great flat bread.my main was just as good. i had the mixed platter, lamb, chicken and shish taouk. all were cooked perfectly. i am not much of a rice order but even really enjoyed the rice.also, excellent selection of lebanese wine. i ended up ordering two bottles of the wine i tried on amazon while i was at the restaurant. an overall excellent experience. if you want amazing food come here! don't fill up on the hummus appetizer because as delicious as that is, the main courses are even better! i wish i would know how good (or bad) their food is. unfortunately, this is a small restaurant, and, despite having 10 empty tables for two, they could not sit my party of two (!?!?) even though we had reservations. we were told that those tables were already reserved!?!? in other words, of you're not a "regular," they will not sit you until another table becomes available (which in our case could have been a half hour). thus, not a place i would recommend if your not living in chelsea! healthy fresh ingredients and service with a smile. plus a milk custard-like dessert i really enjoyed... i wish i took a photo. it had crumbled pistachio on top. this place was a nice surprise for lunch, hidden on a side street. my husband and i ate here on our trip to london in april 2016, and it was fantastic. we had the hummus with spicy chiles, foul, a lemony bean soup, some tabouleh, and some more things that i can't remember. everything was delicious. the space is tiny, but hey, it's london. service was good. reasonable prices. i recommend! this food was so delicious! service top notch! we were in visiting from california , stumbled into the place. the hummus was to die for and the bread. the wine was perfect, the lamb no words! after the meal we were so full and slept like babies! we even went again the night before we flew out! haven't written a review in a while but have to give orjowan five stars, hands down. best falafel ive ever had. the lamb shwarma was on point. service was attentive and excellent. i'll be back and will probably bring any out of town guests here. i had occasion to come to this wonderful restaurant while in london and am from a lebanese/syrian background. i am an american but have had middle eastern food my whole life. it was literally some of the best i have ever had. the salads were all so fresh and the grilled meats and cheeses flavored perfectly. the hummus and the grapes leaves and syrian bread with tabouleh were so well seasoned. i asked fatima the proprietor who her chef was. she told me it was herself! but she has clearly taught the cooks because she was out front meeting everyone. if you go be sure to order the deserts as well as the lebanese coffee. my family loved it and the place was packed. make reservations or call before you go in. what a gem! this place is such a fantastic find. i can't say i've ever had lebanese before but being vegan i scoped out the menu and thought it was worth a try. when we got there i was a little concerned. fancier than i thought it would be and the place was deserted. glad that didn't stop is.my wife and i were pretty hungry and decided to just split a bunch of plates. we got falafel, hummus, a zatar flat bread and spicy potatoes. each item was great, but the falafel was incredible. best i've ever had. the staff was also really friendly and helpful. i'd certainly go back if we find ourselves in london again. all i can say is wow!!! best chicken swarma and lamb cutlets i've had. must try this place if you are in the area always good to see that a yelp recommendation stands up to the existing reviews. my friends and i went to the restaurant (there is a take away section as well) - quite convenient near earls court station. we had to wait a bit for one of our friends to arrive - and we never felt rushed to order. agree with everyone with how lovely the service is - def service with a friendly smile which is quite rare these days in london. we definitely ordered a bit too much - 5 mezzes and a main each. probably best to order about 3 mezzes and sharing 1 main course because it's huge. the hummous was fantastic as well as the mutabal. we also ordered falafel, halloumi and fatayer. the fatayer was the only one where i thought it was a bit meh. the mezzes came with this delicious warm flatbread. my friends ordered the chicken and lamb shawarma and they were properly massive. i think we could've shared 1 for the 3 of us. i ordered the orjowan prawns which was really good but really heavy on the sauce and very few prawns - worked out great because i was stuffed by then anyhow. we finished up with coffee and fresh mint tea and it was really nice to get some baclava to accompany it. i will def be back! great food, perfectly prepared. excellent service... attentive but not pestering and very positive. no pressure to order or to eat but helpful in making selections to make the meal the best it can be. falafel was the best and grilled meat very delicious. prices were on par with this part of london. good selection of lebanese wines. i will go here next week with my wife for her birthday! great find in the kensington area. i'm from so paulo, so i'm quite familiar with lebanese cuisine and knew what to order/expect.very cozy ambience with an upscale feel (think:white tablecloths). we had the za'tar flatbread, kibie, and shish taouk (chicken kebab) --which came with some lebanese rice. very tasty, good price. service was a bit scattered due since the restaurant was full. communication was also difficult at times due to language barrier. i'd also recommend skipping dessert. we have decided to visit this restaurant after reading a lot of encouraging reviews about it along in being a short walk distance from where we live. gladly the place didn't disappoint us ; the staff were very welcoming & friendly. they had taken our orders quickly and promptly. the place was quite small with only very few people & it didn't have any wi fi.we ordered one taboula *which is the traditional lebanese salad* it came out very tasty. then we ordered mixed grills * consisting from small pieces of mixed lamb and chicken and bread on the side* along with chicken shaorma *which is also a very famous tasty shredded grilled chicken dish* that also came out with bread along with some garlic sauce and mayo. luckily none of these dishes came out too oily or too dry , their meet & chicken texture was just right. for the drinks their menu was very limited & a bit disappointing, it only had fresh juices along with softdrinks but with no cocktails that would have been a great add to their tasty food. their prices were very reasonable & it would be a good experience especially for those who are not very familiar with the middle eastern cuisine; that would be a great introduction for them. & since im very used to the middle eastern cuisine both the labanese and the persian i would give it 6/10.cheers!	1	0	1	0	0
 best pho ever. it is super light. unlike the other pho, contains a oily soup brooth.i also enjoyed their unique atmosphere and outdoor setting.i would suggest people to order the duck pho if you come from north america like me, which is something you won't see it on the menu back there. it was a cold day. i either had a stomach virus or food poisoning the night before, and quite frankly, i was afraid to eat. the only thing that i craved was a warm, nutritious broth. thank you, phat phuc noodle bar for bringing me back to life! the staff is as friendly as the food is delicious! lemongrass, ginger, and cilantro are the flavors i was able to identify. the savory broth housed the perfectly steamed noodles and vegetables in the most comforting way possible. with my health restored, i sadly say goodbye to this charming restaurant. i wish you had more merchandise available. i would have bought more! the best laksa in town and quite a finding in west london. i haven't tried any other noodles here because i'm simply drawn to my all-time favourite whenever i'm in the area. simply unique! the best pho in rbkc. good service and quality of beef is fresh too. atmosphere is authentic. nice boss and just good food. if you live in this neighbourhood and it's your only source of vietnamese food then this would probably rate higher. it certainly is a popular spot amongst the apparent locals but for me, i've had better.whilst the menu has a few different selections of the staples, i was hoping to find more custom pho bowls as they only had beef, chicken, duck and vegetarian. no beef slices or meatballs, just the thick cuts of brisket which were not very tender. they also add all the toppings for you, rather than let you top and season your own. one size fits all.i found the broth good but not great, lacking a bit of depth that is generally found when it's been sitting for several hours. it was a good meal that warmed me up on a cold winter day, however it didn't satisfy my pho craving completely and isn't worth another walk in the rain. discovered this place out of sheer desperation for hot asian styled soup and were pleasantly surprised. this delivered beyond what we expected. simple, hole-in-the-wall place but the flavors of the food were authentic and delicious. will be here again and again it's just perfect. lovely environment, good food and super quick! i'll come back again! since the last time that i was in london and saw the name of this place, i knew i had to come back and try it! wasn't disappointed!it's a small noodle bar down stairs under some tents. i did not have the pho because the laksa was intriguing. i ordered prawn laksa and my husband had the beef laksa. something we've never had before. it was described as a spicy noodle soup with coconut base. i thought it would be like tom yum with noodles, but the soup was thicker, more like thai curry with noodles. not that it was bad! just not what i was expecting.the price was very affordable and the portions were plentiful. if you're in the area, you should definitely come by! small but perfectly formed is the best way to describe this place, lovely place to sit in the summer and even made bearable in the rain with the addition of the cover and heater. the bang bang chicken salad is just the right kind of spicey (although bear in mind i love my spice) and the prices are great! perfect lunch spot. wonderful place, valuable price with good quality and quantity food. clean and testy. vietnamese street food bar located by chelsea gardner. summery outdoor decor and delicious noodle. this vietnamese restaurant (or perhaps we should technically call it a food truck with outdoor seating-don't worry there is heat in the winter months) is nestled in a quaint courtyard in chelsea off king's road. two words...reasonable and delicious. or perhaps...healthy and fresh. great place for a tasty lunch. the prawn laska is fabulous. rice noodles simmered in a broth of coconut, lemongrass, and chilies served with beautiful prawns. this large bowl of tastiness has a enough kick to warm your soul on a cool winter day. the bahn cuon which are fresh rice paper rolls filled with fresh herbs, vermicelli noodles and prawns were also delightful. cheerful and friendly service. my partner and i loved this place! we went for a late lunch on 28.09.16 and had the chicken pho and dumplings. they were delicious! the portions are large but it is a light meal to keep you going for the day. when locating the restaurant be careful as you may miss it, it is down some stairs underneath some tents. when we went around 14:00 there was a line to order and no empty tables, luckily one cleared after we ordered. hidden amongst all the poshness that is chelsea you have a phat phuc. gotta love the name. order anything, everything is amazing. i've been here a few times and i've ordered different things every time and i'm never disappointed. the food here is really really good! i came twice and tried both the laksa with shrimps, which was very spicy and tasty and incredibly good, and the beef pho, which really helped me recover on a sunday morning!!! i love the set up and considering the location is crazy cheap! i also tried the pork buns and they were so white and fluffy and soft and the pork filling was delicious as well. def recommend!! wow. i've only tried the prawn laksa but that alone deserves 5 stars. the creaminess of the coconut broth contrasts nicely with the lemongrass. and they are generous with the prawns. served piping hot, this bowl of yummy goodness will warm you up on a cool london day.it sits tucked behind the kings road in chelsea, down a short staircase. it's essentially a street food stand with a dedicated, covered dining area. soups are accompanied by a condiment basket of sriracha (yes!), soy sauce and fish sauce. they accept credit cards. try the roasted coconut water. i've never seen it anywhere else but it's my new favorite. the noodles are tasty. the soup is deliciously plain. beware of the home-made chili sauce. it is very spicy. the chef added more soup to dilute my bowl since i added too much chill. solid vietnamese-ish noodle bar in a courtyard in chelsea. who knew! of course, we had to come in winter, but the seating area essentially operates out of a heated tent so it's not so bad. not particularly warm, but ok. a few notes:- they take card, which is great considering it's a stall.- a smallish menu (given the kitchen size, this is unsurprising). pho, laksa, salad, and a fried rice dish. they also do a few starters, mainly rolls and pork buns.- crispy fried shallots on the table.- i had a pho ga (chicken) and steamed pork buns the pho was ok - not a massive depth of flavour in the soup, but it was by no means weak and i liked the crunchy extras. it could have done with a little lime and maybe some more herbs, but it was pretty respectable; the noodles also weren't limp as they so often are. the pork buns were nice (well, when are they not?). i thought 4 for 2 was a biiit pricey, but. well. pork buns.the prices are on par with those for places on kingsland road which, for chelsea, is pretty good. at the same time, the food quality is a little lower (not by much); given they're operating out of a tent, that's understandable, but i wouldn't call it super super value. still, i'd come back again as it's the perfect food for a winter's day and it's not like there are a lot of pho places in that part of the world. overall, more like 3.5 stars. this is the best pho anywhere. the flavor of the broth was out of this world. or at the very least another country. england to be exact. the crispy onions and hot chili offered to add to it were really a plus. now get over there you phat phuc and get yourself a bowl of the pho. this is truely a hidden gem just of the kings road. this is literally a cart serving an albeit limited, but delicious range of starters pho and laksa. there is a small seating area, which is warmed with heaters in the winter, which adds to the charm to be honest. service was really pleasant and super fast.also, at at 7.50 for a bowl of laksa, it's a steal! i came here with erica u. for lunch after doing some shopping for obscure ingredients at partridge's. she totally recommended it, and i'm always down to try anything once, so we came along.after trying to figure out what to get (the laksa was on my list), i opted to get the chicken noodle salad as it was a fairly warm day, and i had a heavy dinner planned that night, so salad, right? i also got some edamame because i can't really say no to them. add some sparkling water and it's a great meal.erica ordered the pork and rice special. they were both really delicious. the salad was light and refreshing, but still had all that spicy and sweet goodness that i expect from asian food. the edamame was fine, but some of the pods looked a bit freezer burned. since it was a nice day, the outdoor seating was fine, but i imagine in the cold or the rain, the lack of indoor seating might be a bit of an issue.i don't know if i'll be back in the area any time soon, but if i need a quick, easy and delicious lunch, i'll definitely look into heading back to phat phuc. hole in the wall vietnamese stand, just off the kings road. at first glance it's very non assuming cart. i was the first customer to arrive for lunch at 11.40 am. as i chowed down on on my prawn laksa soup and spring rolls the lunch crowd rolled in. lots off office regulars coming in to dine. this place is well hidden and reasonably priced for the chelsea location. the laksa has nice aromatic flavour but next time i am going to try the pho as i am more of a pho girl. this place is worth a second try! i look forward to my next meal here. ps the menu is a bit limiting if you don't like soup... luckily i'm a soupy kinda girl. i have been here for few times. the owner is so nice, very polite. you don't have to worry about seeing rude waiters here. the laksa here is the best one i have tried in london! we stumbled upon this place and so glad we found it. one of the best prawn noodle dishes i have had anywhere!!! absolutely delicious and tucked away in a below level garden setting it's a lovely location and atmosphere, but the menu didn't quite cut it for me. i enjoyed it as a getaway when it began to rain during some king's road shopping, but i expected more menu options for a place that seemed to look so authentic. the staff was really nice though, and despite essentially being a food card in a nice little hideaway courtyard off sydney street, it offers sufficient covered seating for people who want to dine-in. pho used to be a hangover's delight after those hardly-working nights back in university, so i've had quite a bit of experience dining in vietnamese restaurants and usually there are several more pho options other than beef, chicken, and prawns. maybe i shouldn't expect much since it's really just a food cart, but at the same time they could offer other ingredients that i've seen in pho before, or at least provide more of the ones they have in the menu options they have. overall it wasn't as filling as i would have liked, but i wouldn't say that i wouldn't come here again. it's location is convenient, and the name is incredibly clever, but i think this is just one of those places that's trapped between being a food card and an actual restaurant. for as large as the seating area is, i would think that the menu had more pho options available. if you've never had vietnamese before, i would say that this place is worth a try, but if you're a veteran of pho then you'll likely be disappointed. amazing noodles hidden in the middle of chelsea. on sunday's they are open until at least 6:30! great name, not so great pho.i will give this place credit for catching my attention, as me and a buddy originally came here primarily for their novelty shirts. they were sold out unfortunately, and left with only clever name there was a lot to prove in terms of quality.having been to places with authentic pho, phat phuc's version of pho is definitely different from the norm. unfortunately, forgoing the traditional style did not prove spectacular in any way. i found little flavor in my pho nor anything remarkable about it, wholly ordinary that did not live up to the expectations of the name.if you need a vietnamese fix, you're better off looking on the east end of london. one of the worst meals ever. it's a food stall, ok nothing wrong with that but what they serve is by no mean vietnamese. it has nothing to do with vietnamese food and it didn't even taste good. the pho soup had minced meat in there, really? try to sell this to a vietnamese person, they would just laugh at you. if you want vietnamese food in london, either go to cafe east around canada water or to kingsland road (for pho i would recomend mien tay there). phat phuc? now that really is as good as it gets. seriously, i've gotta tip my hat to the ballsy namers of this street cart-on-steroids in chelsea. tucked away just off king's road and behind chelsea farmers' market, phat phuc noodle bar is a fancied up food cart selling simple and traditional vietnamese favourites such as pho, lassie, and vietnamese dim sum (not only does it exist, but it is very, very good!) it literally only takes up a small below ground outdoor patio with about 15 outdoor seats, dotted with umbrellas and heat lamps. 18 got us two steaming bowls of pho, an appetizer and two drinks. so while it's not dirt cheap, the fantastic atmosphere and exceptionally slurp-worthy pho makes it a solid 4-star experience in my book. i'd been meaning to try this place for months and finally got around to it recently. luckily i was pleasantly surprised to find it was actually quite good! we ordered the beef pho (pho bo) and the prawn laksa and enjoyed both of them. it wasn't the most authentic pho i've ever had, but it was definitely above average, and the only pho i've found in the area. definitely worth a stop on a cold fall day to warm up with some awesome soup!	1	0	1	0	1
 javger schnitzel and a liter of beer! how else does one describe pure bliss. great german austrian place in london run by a nice family. the reviews here are excelent and as i love germanic cuisine/oktoberfest style entertainment i expected to love it. but alas, not really. the place is easy to miss if you're not actively looking for it, a small entrance and a flight of stairs down and you're bang in the middle of a very traditional dining area. you will be greeted by very polite and friendly staff dressed in traditional clothes; i couldn't fault the service here, it's attentive and full of smiles. the tables for two people are really small, to the point that i could not keep my mobile phone on the table with the bread basket, bottle of wine and two starter plates as there simply wasn't space. i think nowadays it's a bit cheeky to charge for bread and butter (especially when the bread isn't that great) but whatever, 1.50 per person isn't really going to break the bank. 25 quid for a bottle of mediocre, watery house wine, though, is another matter entirely. i'd expect to pay 15 for that sort of thing, tops. i kind of regretted not having stuck to beer, but beer fills one up and i was there to stuff my pretty face with pig and carbs. plus, as far as i have seen, they only have one loo. in a place that sells a lot of beer? i can only imagine there would be queues to pee later on, not my idea of fun.the food arrived promptly; my starter of mixed sausage plate was easily the best thing of the night, even though presentation wasn't espectacular the sausages were tasty and plentiful. my friend got the pickled hering and he liked it, but i had a taste and found it flavourless. had better pickled fish at ikea restaurant. for mains i had pork with mushroom sauce and egg dumplings, and not a single thing on my plate stood out. i found the dumplings too stodgy (and that coming from a carb lover) and lacking flavour and the meat/sauce were bland. i didn't try my friend's main (randon bits of pork, i didn't get the name), partly because i was put off by the way the dish was presented and mostly because after two forkfuls of my own food i had no space left for anything else. the roast potatoes were good.the entertainment is ok, but as the place is only small it can be quite loud; especially if you're near the music source. and i believe it gets tiresome pretty quickly after a while (we arrived and left early). they were lacking energy, maybe it was our bad luck or everyone was tired of singing/playing the same stuff every night. i wouldn't blame them.with service we paid 50 per person. not a fortune but really for the price and hype i certainly expected more. but it was nice to check it out myself, so give it a go anyway; lots of people seem to love it and maybe it's your kettle of (pickled) fish. :) we are a group of 10 and love german food. since the restaurant was 3 blocks away from where we stayed we decided to give it try. what a success!!!! the food was great, beer on draft was so smooth! best part was live entertainment!!! i did not see anyone mention it in the reviews that i read. maybe i did i not see them. german music and songs as well as russian and american! we had a blast and so our kids. hungarian peach schnapps is a must! so smooth and floral! i am not german. i am not austrian. neither is my wife. but for one fateful night in london during our honeymoon the planets aligned and myself and my bride decided to stop in to tiroler hut for a drink and some strudel and for the next two hours, we were austrian.i am not sure that i am able to convey in words the magical experience we had at the tiroler. you walk in the door, down the stairs and you are transported across borders and as far you are concerned, you are sitting in a tavern in austria. from the friendly staff to the amazing food and the tasty schnapps the place in excellent.but what truly put it over the top is the tiroler huts owner and its patrons. while waiting for our strudel a gentleman started playing piano and singing some folk-songs. that was great in its own right but then, joseph - the owner of the establishment - ever joyful with a friendly smile and a twinkle in his eye starts assembling a clarinet. there was only one other couple at the place at the time but he proceeds to give us a private concert of songs from the "old country".that would have been magical enough, but then 4 men, dressed in lederhosen and traditional german hunting jackets walk in and sit down. the next thing i know, we are all friends, laughing talking and singing. its as if joseph, the piano player, these gentlemen in lederhosen and we could have all been lifelong friends.joseph, learning that we were newlysweds serenaded us with two songs that we danced to between the tables and then he treated us to his incredible cowbells. i know how that sounds initially but it is hands down one of the most impressive things i have ever seen, especially up close and personal. from an old folktune to "eidleweiss" to "do a deer" he rang them out beautifully while we all sang along.great food, great drinks, great ambiance and something that you dont find at most places, great friends. tiroler hut restaurant has it all and has now become a cornerstone in any future visit to london. we will be back. and maybe next time, we will pack our own lederhosen for the occasion! for those of you who enjoy a german beer hall or octoberfest, this is the awesome austrian version. this place serves beer i steins (10 a pop), good hearty cuisine, i had the trout while my table mates hate wienershnitzels, and even delivered a decent apple schnapps. left here with a good buzz going. but what really rocks this place is the love band. they bring a great mix of octoberfest sing along songs along with the sound of music soundtrack. then the bell show occurs. what an event. a man comes out and plays a few tunes using a range of bells. highly entertaining. sing along gets rowdy by the time the third stein hits the table. overall a fun night, especially if you don't make it to germany in october. if i could, i would give this place 50 stars! you have to know where you're going to find this place, it has a small entrance and it goes straight to a basement, but the food was incredible, the quality was like no other! you have to try everything, it's all delicious. huge compliments for their wine list, we tried 3 different bottles (2 austrian, 1 french) and they were all smooth and full of flavour.big hugs and kisses to the cow bell ringer who asked me to help him play edelweiss. ;) we really enjoyed this restaurant. the food was good and offered love entertainment (by the owner singing austrian/german songs). the entertainment could come off as a bit home, but overall, we really enjoyed the food, service, and atmosphere. our main course was absolutely delicious!! my wife and i started off with the bread and butter. the bread basket wasn't fantastic, but the main course was so good, i'm not docking it any stars. we had the chicken schnitzel & stuffed cabbage rolls. the portions are good and we could have each eaten two plates!! best german food we've ever had! the restaurant is small and we were one of the first ones in the restaurant for the day and as a result we had the pleasure of being serenaded by the accordion player who played a low-key playlist and personable as can be. highly recommended!! fun place with good food, we went on a saturday evening and were surprised that they added a 1.50 cover charge to each person and a tip of 9% was automatically added, but otherwise enjoyable. the best london dinner entertainment! you will not be disappointed!delicious food, good service, smiles all around!sang some "bohemian rhapsody" with the crowd! fun! you have got to go!! such a cute little place in the basement of a building. you feel like you have been transported to austria with the outfits and atmosphere. the singer is great and our waiter was one of the friendliest people in all of the uk. we enjoyed the food and beer and lively music. my dinner at the austrian restaurant tiroler hut between paddington and notting hill gate was one of the most enjoyable meals in recent months. it is a busy place, and i wanted to eat there before and could not get a table. but finally i managed to get in and it was a pleasure. i do not know why, but everybody, guests and staff alike, seemed to be smiling and happy. for all i can tell, the nice little restaurant tiroler hut simply sports a great vibe. most servers also speak german, so if you would like to buy your schnitzel in german, you can even do that. starting with some bread and butter, my meal began rather average. unfortunately, i was not in a wine mood that evening, but the wine list read quite promising. i will definitely get an austrian white the next time i go there. for the main, i went off menu. i asked for a wiener schnitzel with spaetzle - you could probably describe it as a special kind of pasta - and gravy. when i ordered, i was a bit disappointed that they only serve pork an no veal. anyway, it was worth going off menu. my main was really delicious. a good escalope, a delicate gravy and tasty spaetzle. you could argue that the spaetzle were a bit small, but i won't. they were good. that's it.of course i could not skip the dessert. continuing with the austrian theme, i went for the apfelstrudel. and what should i say, it was heavenly. altogether, i had very good food and just a great time at tiroler hut. no doubt, i will come back. so far, this is probably the best german or austrian restaurant i know in london. great time!! great service, food and entertainment! they took me in like family. the owner is always there and wants to ensure you are having a good time. it's a must! any american would love it! come here if you want dinner and a show! it was crowded when we went so we had to wait for a table. i'm glad we had to wait. we were able to experience the cow bell show. amazing! we were seated for dinner quickly. the food was delicious. i would definitely go back here. it was a good time with tasty food. really great atmosphere, make sure you book as it is always booked out! so make sure you book. it is always a great night to spend with friends, don't expect it to be a quiet night, fantastic music and drinks. the food is good but don't expect gourmet but good hearty sausages and sauerkraut! this is one of the best restaurants i have ever been to!! its an austrian restaurant. the entire place is setup to look authentic, even waiters/waitresses are in costume. the food is amazing and has a few typical austrian delicacies on the menu. dont be fooled by the slightly offputting stairs at the entrance or the low ceiling. one of our party has trouble with stairs and another is very tall. his head touched the ceiling so right from the start the staff and all of us were having a laugh and everyone had a really good night. we really enjoyed the live music as well as the waiters entertaining us. one girl was kind enough to translate a phrase for us :-) :-) it was an amazing night all round and we couldnt have asked for a better send off :-) pros: the owner plays edelweiss on cowbells. among other things.the bratwurst is served with a huge pile of sauerkraut.they serve beer in steins that need to be picked up with two hands.cons:the music can be a bit loud, so don't expect to have that serious convo with your mum here.it can get busy. i might have been lucky showing up there on a friday at about 9:30 and able to find a table for two. when we called ahead to reserve they said to just show up cause it's easier to find tables for two since its group heavy mostly in here.it can be a tight squeeze. low ceilings and close tables. do not come here if claustrophobic.goin back for the fondue. and cowbells. new years eve at the tiroler hut is determinately the best nye i have ever had. i wasn't expecting much as many of the london restaurants have done a fine job of letting my husband and i down but the tiroler hut exceeded all expectations. on top of it, they did not allow anyone in the restaurant without a reservation. this kept the tiny restaurant open for people to dance and move around. our table reservation was set for 8:30 and by reservation, i mean that was our table for the entire evening. the menu was set and while it wasn't sausages and potatoes as we had hoped, the food was good and was very filling. we will definitely return to try their standard menu. the service was great. the entertainment was even greater. my husband and i thought that we would eat dinner and leave about 10pm but the staff served the courses so slowly, we had only had our starter by 10pm. usually i would bock at slow service but it was nice because there was so much food and the staff wanted you to stay, "get drunk slowly" and take in all the crazy entertainment. the restaurant is in a basement and the ceilings are extremely low. anyone who has issues with small places will have a difficult time here. i felt like i was back at oktoberfest with all the clanking of the glasses and sing alongs. i'd describe the entertainment as half lounge singing half karaoke. the lounge singer has been working at tiroler hut for over 50 years and then the karaoke singers that would take over while the lounge singer was on break seemed to be regulars. like the "ricardo" who was of asian decent but claimed he was italian and sang american songs.the crowd is mixed - young, old, and all of different cultures. the sing alongs to american songs and the sound of music soundtrack may seem corny to anyone who has not been to a true german bier garten or oktoberfest but this is really how it is at oktoberfest.my only regret is that i did not come dressed in a dirndl. it seemed as though half of the crowd was dressed in traditional german attire and i was jealous of them!the restaurant is kind of divided into two halves. the bar, small dining room, and toilets are on one half (the half you enter after coming down the stairs) and the other half is the main dining room. you will want to sit in the main dining room as this is where all the action takes place.oh, and the coat check is free! ok, corny as hell but certainly a memorable experience!we spent a ridiculously long time trying to find this place (damn you american smart phones not working in the uk) but once we did it was a definite highlight of our time in london.go down a steep flight of stairs and through a doorway and suddenly you're transported to....somebody's basement? yeah, this place is austrian themed, but presumably executed by a bored housewife that was a bit too inspired by reruns of tlc decorating shows. it's like austria threw up all over the walls. we go to the bar and get giant steins, of what type of beer i can't recall. we quickly tire of the bar as it's obvious all of the action is in the other room. we sat at a table, which didn't make the server happy - it would take us a while to work through those steins we payed for at the bar. what's that you say? oompah band karaoke night? a boisterous, international crowd singing songs old and new? an italian man of asian descent singing german pop? how's that for a melting pot of cultures? we clang our beers, we dance with strangers, we have a blast!up until now i was going to give this place a 4 star review. then i remembered that the dj played a medley of boney m's greatest hits. that, my little austrian friend, just earned you a 5th star. i thought i was in southern germany, not london!! unbelievably authentic austrian/german cuisine from the apfelkorn to the rotkohl with dumplings and schnitzel...prices were fair for the quality and portions. the service is excellent and my waiter, joska, was so attentive and personable. i loved the atmosphere and when the musician arrived with beautiful german melodies, i was transported back to the wonderful beauties of austria and germany. definitely a great choice if in london and tired of pub food, plus only a few blocks from the baywater tube stop. the food is really mediocre, a true disappointment. i went there relying mainly on the food, so that i could somehow stand a kitch ambient and schlager music made of toto cutugno and so on...but i had a mix of sausages, not so good, and they make us pay for some olives (very bad) and we ended up spending 26 pound with a single beer. disappointing okay, now i am not still drunk i can write a full review. (note: i do not encourage drunk yelping!)never before have i sat though a meal of liquid cheese and witnessed a full grown man in lederhos'n yodel the soundtrack to the sound of music. first with a yamaha keyboard accompanying and later a saxophone. it was like i had been transported into a dream world and there was no escape.this is not german, it's austrian, and it's pretty damn authentic too. i can't say enough good things about this place, i want to live here and bask in the glow of happiness it brings. you can't come here and not have a good night, bring a sense of humour, and it will be the best night of your life. austrian sing-a-long cowbell bar? yes please! we had no idea what we were truly walking in to... our first steps in we were greeted by a costumed waitress who sat us at a community table. a man behind the music booth was ringing his cowbells while the entire restaurant sang along to edelweiss. we quickly stepped in line with our own huge hefeweizens and cheese fondue. the rest of the night was filled with many more libations and lots of singing. my favorite moment was the full out bohemian rapsody sung by every single person in the place! classic.this is a "when in rome" moment people! don't be the ebenezer in the corner refusing to sing. cheesy, crazy and only for the seriously fun people of the world. our group of 7 stumbled upon the tiroler hut late one night while visiting london. we weren't familiar with anything on the menu but were all hungry and our choices were limited. great surprise find. one of those you hope you experience. the atmosphere is fun and we were welcomed immediately. our waiter, joska, was very funny and incredibly attentive, the food was fantastic, and the music brought it all together. even our teenagers, who were hoping for pizza, loved it. we will definitely come here again when back in london. omg. we rocked tiroler hut. seriously. rocked. it.i had my reservations as to why lizzie chose this place as off yelp (i.e. in foodie magazines) i've read a lot of negative reviews about the food but our fondue was pretty good. ok, so not as good as mine but you know, not everyone gets invited to chez vick's. and saucerkraut with cheese- totally sexual. a frankfurter quartered 1/2 way the long way round stuck on a ball of saucerkraut? honestly. this place was like sex with a bowl of cheese minus the whole pain of human contact afterwards thing.i think the thing is, the food is about 3 stars but the decor and the singing man just made it really really good.as always, lovely to see people i know and great to meat people i haven't had the pleasure to meet yet. there are 3 things i am wishing for at the moment: that someone else does my grocery shopping, that i had more hair and that i was about to go for an evening with a particular group of friends at the tiroler hut.after recent, rather unsavoury events in the land where the hills are alive with the sound of music it would be pretty hard getting me into the basement of any austrian no matter how well-seasoned their fondue but take me down the small, steep flight of stairs to the tiroler hut and i will follow.do i remember the food? maybe. it was hot and filling and tasty if you like your cheese runny and your bread in small cubes (which i do, by the way).what has stuck with me is the decor. pine panelling, faux, shuttered windows looking out to a glossy poster depicting scenes of alpine bovine bliss.there are red and white checkered vinyl table cloths and beer tankards and a huge man in lederhosen playing tunes on an accordion that reflect your nationality and accompany your meal like a crisp glass of liebfraumilch. it's how i like to imagine the lifestyle of arnold schwarzenegger's family back home in the old country.busty, dirndl-clad waitresses smile as they bring your order to the table and let there be a whiff of it being your birthday in the air then joy of joys you may take in hand the smallest bell for the live cowbell-rung rendition of edelweiss.it was my birthday every thursday for about 3 months at one point. it's takes a bit of an effort to locate and then get down the stairs but when you're in you're in and you feel like you've discovered some long-lost forgotten secret of a place and feel very proud of yourself indeed. this place is awesome. definitely a unique and fun place to hang out and stay late. really hilarious entertainment and awesome beers. i make a point of stopping in any time i am in london. absolutely the best bar in london that you will tell no one else about....understand?? subterranean german bar, with leiderhosen, full german menu and biers, song, karaoke, and checker board tablecloths. if you like random, this is the place for you. linzi loves cheese, in more ways than one. so i loved this place. unashamedly. i hope to have my wedding reception here. with a cheese cake, wearing a cheesecloth dress, celebrating with cheesetinis. no but really, it's cheese-tastic. you walk down the stairs and oh, you're transported to the alps. all chalet wood, and cow bells, and chintz. we ordered fondue, of course. and sauerkraut. and meaty wurst type things. it was all amazing. we dipped everything on the table in the cheese, and sauerkraut was the best. then the owner stepped behind the dj booth (?) with an accordion and proceeded to lead us all in a sing along of sound of music tracks, yodelling and he played the sax too. dinner and a show, bam!it's a bit expensive, but fondue always is. totally worth a visit, go with friends, family, but not someone who takes themselves too seriously. it's cheese, you were warned. this is the place for fun as well as food . the apmosphere is brilliant !the food was nice enough. i had the peasant sausage which was all the different meats with a potato ball and sour krout [sic] very traditional and filling. the steine of beer was heavy to lift but went down easily.we had a singalong to the sound of music tracks which was in the middle of the diners where the owner/ singer/ is perched in his booth this is all about the apmosphere, when you walk in the tiny entrance its low ceilings and straight away it feels different. staff are dressed in traditional outfits. friendly, happy, family business. the owner told us he has been there since 1967 and pointed out photos on the walls of his younger days and his daughters. i dont think you could come here and not have a great time. i loved it and cant wait for my next visit.	0	0	1	0	0
 unassuming from the outside, the little entrance through the bar just off southwark tube is a really beautiful restaurant. we wanted to try something a little different and for my carb-loving girlfriend the polish/hungarian food was well presented and had great flavour. bread selection was pretty sizeable and don't leave without having a vodka!! good spot for a more formal meal, but relaxed atmosphere. dinnerstarter: pierogi and sptzlemain: schnitzel and karowka, side of mizeriadessert: vodka. herb&mint and lemon. when my husband and i visited london on our honeymoon, we were excited to try different types of food, as this is one of the most international cities in the world. we ate an early dinner here before heading to tate modern, which is nearby. because of that, we were able to take advantage of the pre theatre menu, which offers two or three courses at a discounted price. to start, my husband had pierogis (with veal and pork) and i had potato soup- both were enjoyable, but the pierogis were especially good. our entrees looked similar, since they were both breaded. i had the chicken kiev with sauted cabbage, mushrooms and boczek (bacon). my husband had veal cutlets with potatoes and a fried egg. again, both were very tasty.all throughout our meal, we kept seeing these beautiful, little, multicolored, chilled shot glasses flying around on tiny silver trays. i was curious what they were and when the dessert menu came out, the drinks portion featured a long list of flavored vodkas. it seemed to be their specialty, so we decided to try a couple. when we asked our server for a recommendation, he said he is from estonia, so he loves all of them. even though i was hoping to get some guidance on what to order, i liked that answer! we ended up trying rose petal and mint. both were served chilled. i really enjoyed the rose petal! it was complete serendipity that i ended up at the baltic bar & restaurant at all, but i'm glad i did, as it ended up being my absolute favorite meal/restaurant during my week in london! originally i was planning on going to the laughing gravy based on the recommendations of some local uk yelpers, but i was turned away due to not having made a prior reservation. the host at the laughing gravy, however, did recommend that i head right up the street to the baltic for dinner instead.heeding his advice, i showed up at the baltic and was immediately seated. it's a beautiful restaurant inside - up front is a more casual bar area, but in the back is a very elegant and modern dining room. upon taking my seat, i was immediately presented with a bountiful basket of freshly baked bread - brioche, pumpernickel, sourdough, and rye. if you know me, then you know that i am a total animal for carbs - i gladly took one of each and then a little extra! the breads came with your typical pat of butter, but also with a fabulous beetroot-horseradish spread that i loved - lightly sweet from the beets, but with a faint kick at the end from the horseradish.for my starter, i ordered the quail appetizer. it came out over a bed of wild grains and with a sweet sauce drizzled all over it. yum. the quail was cooked nicely and quite flavorful - only minor complaint was that it had a lot of tiny little bones in it that was a chore to pick out, but i suppose that's par for the course for quail.on my server's recommendation, i ordered the half-duck as my main course and this was hands down, the best dish i had during my entire week in london! i can't rave about this enough. the duck was a huge portion (i mean, it literally says on the menu, "half duck") and was melt-in-your-mouth tender, rich and flavorful, with exquisitely crispy skin. it came nestled over a bed of figs, braised red cabbage, and stewed apples that added an amazing bit of sweetness to complement the rich and gamey flavor of the duck. this was so fantastic that i recommended it to the person sitting at the table next to me - he ordered it as well and had similar compliments. basically, if you come to the baltic - get this!by the time dessert came around, i was feeling pretty stuffed from having inhaled 6+ pieces of bread, a quail, and half of a duck. buuuut... last night in london, so might as well go for it all, right? i ordered the blackcurrant panna cotta with raspberry jelly and loved it. nice and light to counteract all the meat and bread. the raspberry and blackcurrant flavors played off of each other perfectly. beautifully balanced between sweet and sour. it was the perfect way to end a perfect meal.my only minor complaint with this otherwise superb dining experience? the service, although very friendly and professional, was extremely slow. at times i had to flag down servers because it seemed like they would ignore you unless you were actively looking to get their attention. but ultimately, this is a minor nitpick that didn't really detract much from my otherwise stellar dinner.overall: 5/5. the best meal i had during my week in london - superb food and atmosphere. that duck was incredible and one of the best dishes i've had in a long time. my only regret is that i didn't find this place until my last night, because if i had known about it sooner then i would have eaten here multiple times during my trip! the next time i am visiting the uk, i will absolutely go out of my way to dine here again. highly, highly recommend the baltic bar & restaurant. since i hail from the eastern block my experience with polish food is pretty vast. i was super excited when i yelped restaurants within walking distance of our hotel and baltic bar came up. we walked in without reservations on a random weekday and the place was full to the brim and really happening. the hostess was able to squeeze us in and from that point on service was top notch. we were greeted with a huge basket of bread and encouraged to grab a slice or two or three to get things started. after looking at the menu, i was overwhelmed with familiar choices. some of the things to try include the chicken liver, golobki, and krupnik soup. the menu does change as does the availability of options on particular days (ex. no potato pierogi on the day we came). i didn't have the vodka but i did have the lemongrass mule and it was delicious. this restaurant is not cheap but so well worth it. i was able to chat it up with the waitresses and the cooks definitely hail from poland and know what they are doing. this is a must do restaurant while in london! superb in every way. service was provided by professional young men and women. the soup was hearty and full of flavor. the spaetzle with sausage was divine. the draught beer and the cider were great. the dessert of brandy alexander and sorbet with a shot of frozen vodka was a fitting end to a wonderful meal. strongly recommend this place. we are jealous because there is only one polish restaurant in los angeles and this would be better in la. surprisingly delicious food and amazing service. my husband and i went here after work last tuesday. it's a very unassuming restaurant front, with the awning and exterior making you think a cosy place inside awaits you. but nope, first you enter and there are velvet drapes you must walk through. fancy. there's a courteous coat check girl to your left and then an intimate bar area you walk through. but then bam you come up the massive, airy seating area with sky-high ceilings, like a ski chateau.christmas crackers were provided at the tables; free bread and adornments like pickles and a beetroot dip accompany it. so far, so good. a server came soon after we seated. i ordered the (very good) dry house wine and the potato latkes with mushroom, chestnuts and broad beans; also the wild mushroom soup as a starter. my husband got the hunter stew. i was impressed with how large - and delicious!- my latkes were. two pieces with the edges a bit burnt (which i loved), with a generous topping of the water chestnuts and such. i even had enough for leftovers. my husband said his stew was filling and quite adequate. extra bread was provided at no extra cost. the soup was a rich, earthy taste and quite creamy (if a bit small for 5). the service was one of the best i've had in london, despite how busy the restaurant was. tinderellas of se1, unlike your future tinder date, your fairy godmother over here has found you the spot. let's all rejoice and take a moment to take back female empow... oh, not the right forum? right. baltic is everything your dating life needs: close to the tube (southwark is across the street, waterloo 5 min walk) checkbeautiful venue checkextensive boozy menu with tons of delish vodkas to endure the infinite and pointless story gary, 32, has to tell you about his trips to vietnam checkreasonably priced menu checka lamb stew so tender you could cry checkfood you can technically share checkand on sunday, lo and behold, a jazz duo that was actually good. the food was truly above expectation, hearty and homey and everything your ussr heart could possibly crave. give this place a try! great service at the beginning of the night. bread was handed out. we ordered the lamb and veal dumplings to start. 10/10. then i had the lamb kofta and it was perfect. the only bad thing i have to say is that the drinks are 99% crushed ice and we waited 25 minutes for the bill. this place has a nice modern, simple look inside and serves some great continental and eastern european food (particulary polish dishes, although not as many as i thought), i wanted to have something polish as i specifically went there for taht and i tried the pierogi dumplings which were absolutely marvelous. they were really tasty, came with a great dip and was a nice light but still filling meal.the best thing about this restaurant is the cocktails (but they are quite expensive). i had the warsaw ice tea which was great and their selection of vodkas is the most extensive i have seen in london. i have still only given it three stars as i wish there was more choice of eastern european food on the menu and more explanation of the dishes and it had the feel of a generic modern london restaurant. there was not much that wowed me there and i felt the prices to be a bit steep for nothing that specialgreat place to go maybe once and if you like vodka i must say that i was deeply disappointed with this place. i was really happy that i found some nice place in london with polish and eastern europe cuisine with nice modern interior, not just simple place with bigos and schabowy. i took my friend for lunch and unfortunately i was really disappointed with food they serve there. we had leniwe and dumplings and both dishes were too oily. i know that polish food is greasy but it was too much. however i must say that home made flavour vodka is very tasty. definitely i can recommend bar :) service was also really good and friendly. average place, for me it was a new kitchen to try and i liked it - not too crazy about it though. atmosphere is quite pleasant, possibly tables are a bit too close to each other. waiter was really nice and service was overall very good. this place is a gem amongst the british pub style restaurants and italian / french / german etc style bistros.why might you ask? well its not just about the food - the food is great mind you. what really sets this place apart is their in house craft infused vodkas.its really hard to get a good craft cocktail in europe sometimes. the british pubs are great if you want a traditional english cask ale, or some jameson on the rocks - ask for a complex craft cocktail you can get from a foodie place in the us and expect to get a "u wot m8" kind of rude reply.this place has a great menu of craft cocktails that are not only tasty but designed and layered so well that every ingredient can be clearly represented in the palette. but back to their vodkas - their in house infused craft vodkas are really the best vodkas i have drank in my entire life. but even better (yes there is more) you order large carafes of them for amazing prices in central london. for 13 gbp you can get a carafe of the delightful vodkas that serve a pair of people 4 shots each or a single patron 8 shots! they also offer 3 carafe sizes if you have more than your date or mate with you.this is a must try drinking destination in the neighborhood.for the food i tried their pirogies and their 'sledz' which was a plate of pickled hearing along with some relishes. food was great, but the vodkas were unreal.also sitting at the bar, giant vats of the stuff stewing with their natural ingredients can be seen behind the bar. when you first walk in it's quite a minimalist decor, all in grey and metal. for some this is minimalist and chic but for me it just feels a little soulless. i only went there for drinks and the little lounge seats are pretty comfortable.  i am not a person who really likes vodka but was converted at this bar! ask the waiter for recommendations and you can't go far wrong. the classic daiquiri was very tasty too! service was swift and polite! i would go there again forgot to ask for the vodka not on the rocks. room temperature is where it's at. pierogi were yummy. waiter was cool. i like this place. one of the rare aspiring eastern european restaurants in london. having been there 3 times i must say i like coming back.don't get the idea that it's eastern european so it must be cheap. this place can easily make your wallet 60-80 pounds lighter and i am just counting 1 person dining. ok, let's get to the highlights of this venue:- hidden in one of the southwark terraced houses is a bit quirky, hard to spot, not trying to flash and make its presence too obvious. there are very tough portal doors needing opening that lead you to the inside.- you walk past the bar, vodka bar which is worth exploring if you have never tried eastern european cocktails- the inside is amazing. the highlight windows that are installed at the back of the house are simply stunning.- in the evenings you can expect very atmospheric setting, candles. it's a great place to bring your date.- you will be politely offered table and your coat will be taken to the wardrobe (a great plus in my opinion)- menu: it's a bit hard if you are not familiar with the cuisine. i recommend barszcz for starter and definitely try out blinis with herring. for the main: if they have lamb/beef stew take it, it's amazing. i'd rather steer clear from duck (it's rather dry and not really authentic).if you go with those 2-3 options you should be more than full. the wine selection is great so you should expect quality here.overall, slightly hard to find, but once inside very inviting and emanating with warm energy place. it's more quiet, adequate for business dinner or romantic setting. a bit quirky, but that's what makes it unique. it's not a typical polish/eastern european place. it tries to be more refined and to some extent it succeeds at it. highly recommend! ever so popular...don't forget to book if you don't want to queue for a table. a great place to go for after work drinks and take advantage of their snack menu. the dumplings especially are delectable. the dinning area is set in an impressive, cosy and romantic setting. it makes a fun and trendy night out to impress a date! i came here to try something new and celebrate an anniversary with my boyfriend. their cocktails are fantastic. i had their lemongrass mule, and it was refreshing, delicious and super tasty! we split an order of gravadlax and pierogi. i absolutely loved the pierogi and i would gladly have them as a main course. the sour cream and the texture of the tough was amazing. the gravadlax was good as well, but the pierogi definitely has my heart.for my main, i had the chargrilled leg of lamb with smoked aubergine, peppers and garlic yoghurt in medium rare. my boyfriend ordered the venison specialty dish at the time, cooked at "the chef's recommendation".the venison came rare, and super delicious and tender! i was jealous for not ordering my dish cooked to the chef's recommendation. both were amazing, and i would gladly return to this restaurant when i feel like splashing some extra cash.seriously, get a large plate of pierogis though! you won't regret it! we came in as americans on our study abroad trip, they guys behind the bar were very accommodating. locals talked with us and gave us reviews on where to eat and sights to see. drinks were priced well. amazing service, must stop by! being of eastern european decent and having a mother who could cook some of the best signature eastern european dishes you could have has meant restaurants of this type have come up short with me. not on this occasion which was my birthday.saying that, the platski (ukrainian fried potato cakes) weren't up to scratch but everything else was particularly the roast knuckle and the duck. best ever.oh, has someone mentioned the range of vodkas they have? came here on the recommendation of a friend who lives in london. beautiful dining room. service was helpful and attentive without being overbearing. food was delicious. highly recommend. baltic is one of those great restaurants with awesome drinks and really great food. the restaurant itself is light and airy. the bar is a good size, although if i had one wish it would be that it was slightly bigger as on weekend nights it can be a bit crazy. everything i've tried on the menu has been delicious. the gravadlax is awesome and i love the spatzle the drinks though are really great, the baltic twinkle is delicious and the various infused vodkas are really enjoyable. the caramel infused vodka is great as an after dinner drink. high brow joint, low brow staff (bar staff, i mean)those boys need to stop dicking around and start going pro. the wait staff, on the other hand, are golden.no complaints at all on the cuisine: prix fix menu salmon was lightly seasoned, delicate and delicious. my colleagues have only praises for the pork veal.worth another visit? of course. i'm not sure if it was the food or the service here but something didn't quite sit right.the food appeared to be well prepared but i guess polish is one of the few cuisines i can't wholeheartedly say i love. the service was professional and the decor was very upmarket and i got the feeling they were almost trying too hard to impress.i know that makes this review a bit unfair which is why i've given it 4 stars instead of the 3 i really think it deserves. review for the bar only.a great selection of serious vodka based as well as other classic cocktails and more modern additions. the bar tender definitely knew his stuff and we enjoyed some well executed cocktails including a good spicy one that the waiter recommended.i like the minimalist vibe and cool interior. haven't tried the restaurant but it's definitely on my list of 'go to' cocktail places. stopped by for a quick dinner while on vacation. i ordered the goose which was great. area the restaurant is in is really nice. my only complaint (and its a small one) is that the service was good but not great. i'd recommend to others. i was pleasantly surprised when i entered the restaurant. i loved the minimalist chic decor. we were quickly greeted by a waitress and shown to our table. we were served a nice selection of fresh breads with our appetizers. the atmosphere was pleasant and the food and wine really good. i'd really want to give this place a 3.5 stars as i think it's a little bit more than a-ok but doesn't make me go yay. first thing i liked about baltic is the decor - gorgeous but kind of reminded me of a barn or a church... in a really nice way!thanks for the food recommendations on yelp! i went with the perogies (yum!) and the schnitzel (good but nothing spectacular). finished off with the apple fritter (yum! kind of reminded me a little of the perogies)really good service - probably because the restaurant was rather empty. i'd definitely go back to try some of the other items on the menu as well as the vodka. i was invited to dine here before seeing a show at the young vic and it was fine, but nothing to write home about. i wasn't a huge fan of the selection on the menu - very polish. the ambience is really cool - modern elegance. maybe it's more of a fun place to go for drinks at the bar? this is probably my favourite restaurant. the peirogi are amazing, as well as the goose and red cabbage. makes for quite a special experience with the vast array of vodkas to try. and even better: it's on taste card! i came here for a celebratory anniversary dinner with my girlfriend, returning after an office christmas party a few years ago, and we had a wonderful meal.we started with gravadlax with potato latkes and pierogi. the gravadlax was succulent and smoky, tender and delicious. the latkes were crispy and i really enjoyed them, delicious with the sour cream topping.the pierogi were a big hit with us both and i would happily have ordered the bigger portion!for main courses my girlfriend had the spiced lamb and i ordered venison with a grilled pear. i asked for this to be cooked as the chef saw fit.the venison was fantastic, cooked very rare and swimming in delicious juices as well as the excellent sauce it came with. i really enjoyed this and the presentation was excellent.i tried some of the lamb too and was really impressed with this, i almost had food envy!! interestingly the lamb tasted more like something i would expect from a moroccan restaurant; the flavours and spices were very north african and wouldn't have been out of place in a tagine.although this was a little surprising this was no bad thing and it was delicious.service was very attentive and quite formal, not what i'm used to but this is more of an upclass dining establishment. as we were dining two days after christmas the restaurant was very very quiet, although the privacy was nice this did throw me a little! i would have preferred a little background chatter, but perhaps next time. i would definitely recommend. if you're a beer drinker try and pszeniczniak, delicious.	0	0	1	0	1
 it was 6.30pm on a friday night and the two of us hadn't booked a table, but portobello were happy to squeeze us in (although they were already pretty busy), with the caveat that we had to be out by 8pm. no problem.i ordered the carpaccio di tonno to start, as it's not something you see very often in uk restaurants and i do adore it. this was not disappointing, the tuna just melted in the mouth it was so finely sliced. yum!that was very swiftly followed by a linguine ai frutti di mare, which contained a good deal of the 'mare' portion including the decorative shrimp on top. luckily they had provided a debris bowl and a courtesy wet wipe for clean-up.all to soon it was approaching 8pm so we asked for the bill. and waited. and waited. eventually, the manager came up and very apologetically and politely reminded us of the agreement and requested that we leave. on equally politely pointing out that we'd asked him for the bill some time ago, he apologised profusely and disappeared, only to return bearing the requested bill and two complimentary glasses of limoncello! now that's the kind of service i like, and i didn't feel so bad about the obligatory 12.5% service charge that they add to your bill. would i go back? probably, if it was a special occasion. it's a bit pricey as restaurants go so it's not somewhere i'd frequent. but for impressing a visiting friend or loved one, you can't go far wrong. wow. just wow. this place is totally amazing. we arrived shortly after they opened for dinner and were initially hesitant because there were a lot of open tables, but by the time we left, there were groups of people waiting out on the sidewalk. and i'm not surprised. the service and the food were both impeccable. my husband ordered a daily special - spaghetti with truffles and butter; i ordered the lamb ragout with handmade pasta; my daughter ordered the eggplant parm (as a vegetarian, she felt a bit limited in her entree choices, though part of that may have been personal taste). we had a lovely dinner, including a small appetizer to share, followed by entrees and dessert for each. every bite of food that i had was amazing. even the crusty italian bread (complimentary) perfectly complemented my dish. the pasta was tender and perfectly cooked. the ragout was rich, flavorful, and creamy without being heavy or overwhelming. even now, weeks later, i occasionally think back on that dinner.to finish the meal, i had a slice of lemon cheesecake. it was the perfect balance of sweet and tart. everyone's desserts were wonderful - so much so that we didn't share at all!i only spent a week in london, but this was by far the best meal i had while i was there. i have no complaints. if i have the opportunity, i will happily dine there again. what a delightful place. i arrived just after noon, when it opens and this was a good call since it filled pretty quickly. and no wonder, really.i ordered a half-meter pizza (which is half of the signature al metro for four people) choosing pizza tartufata and al golfo. shortly after i was welcomed with a hearty buongiorno by the owner and presented with a basket of delicious, in-house made bread (a story of its own by the way). the pizza itself was an absolute feast for the senses. the truffle cream complimented parma ham on the tartufata and the seafood on al golfo was splendidly presented, fresh and delicious. all of the above embedded on the most chewy sourdough base with thick bands. guys, that was a real italian feast and i really dont need to add anything else to give smashing five stars, but i will. the staff was super attentive and caring to every need of the customers. the owner was friendly, loud and quick with the smile. the location beautifully cosy, tucked conveniently behind the corner of a busy road in a surprisingly quiet spot covered with greenery. a little piece of italy in its finest. came for an early dinner with friends on a friday night, and found portobello ristorante to be a great choice for a nice but not stuffy dinner. the menu (and ordering volume) seems pretty evenly divided between typical primi/secondi italian dishes (with a heavy emphasis on seafood) on one hand, and pizza on the other hand.we ordered the bruschetta and the beet salads to start, and they were all fresh and tasty. the tomatoes in the bruschetta looked pretty pale and unappetizing, but i think if you put enough olive oil, salt, and pepper on anything, it will still taste great.for our main courses, most of our party ordered pizza, and i ordered the filetto di orata al forno (stone baked sea bream fillets with potatoes, lemon, parsley, garlic and white wine sauce). it was a generous helping of fish with thinly-sliced potatoes on top, and a little bit of parsley and sliced chili in-between. it wasn't quite what i was expecting, but it was pretty delicious. i think if i visit again i'll just order the pizza like everyone else, because it looked delicious. my daughter ordered a kids' pizza, which was the perfect size, and in the shape of a fish. success.we had tiramisu, almond chocolate cake, and kids' ice cream (which came in a funny chicken dish). the tiramisu was outstanding; would definitely order it again.the restaurant has a friendly and attentive staff, and a nice atmosphere (casual but classy). would recommend it for a family dinner, a casual lunch, or anything in-between. i am a very disorganized meal planner. i often call this place last minute and they are, by some divine power, able to find space for me. there is an classic italian vibe you just can't fake "oh... .is this george s.... let me check if we have anything available..... hold on.... *yells frantically in italian at hostess presumably to arrange table for important client who he is on the line with who lives nearby*....hi george..? ...yes we can find something for you.......how about immediately..?and at our best table...? fine... ciao.." amazing food and overall experience! started with the bruschetta and my sister and i split a pizza and a pasta dish for our entrees. both were delicious!! we were seated overlooking the kitchen and the chef was extremely friendly, making time to talk to us and asked us how the food was. we ordered dessert and then the chef proceeded to send over cannolis and limencello shots! staff was attentive and friendly and all of the staff was italian so it felt very authentic. highly recommend for anyone looking for good italian in the notting hill area!! had dinner last night with a friend- i got spaghetti alle vongole while my friend got spaghetti al tartufo, and we shared 500ml of white wine. we sat outside and the atmosphere was relaxed but service is extremely attentive, with the waiters refilling our glasses every time they had the occasion. being italian myself, i don't usually go for italian food but this place is great if, like me, are craving flavours from back home or if you wanna savour italian cuisine! brilliant italian restaurant serving from pasta to pizza and fresh caught fish. i love the ambience of the restaurant and the lovely country rustic style wooden tables. the food was fantastic i had a special john dory with pasta and it was heavenly fish fell apart easily and the sauce was so creamy and full of flavour and consisted of courgettes and chilli so a slight heat to it. also loved the fish plate style plate. staff was also extremely welcoming and fitted us in for an hour slot which was kind of them and considering this was a monday night and yet full.with reservations i highly recommend you book in advance to avoid disappointment. one thing i hated was the loud phone that kept on ringing but then again that shows how popular they are. i would deff go back here if in area. wow what a find in notting hill, just set back from the main high street this really nice restaurant really makes you feel that you are by the sea or in a harbour. nice patio to the front of the restaurant which will be great for those long summer nights..... interior wise the walls look like sand blasted walls with stars on the walls and many seaside objects... the toilets in this place are the freshest i've think i've ever been to!! yes the toilets!!! real candles burning in the loos which was amazing and sea objects around the loo too!! i had pan fried cod with rosemary potatoes (which were extra) but the flavour of the potatoes were amazing which you rosemary really did come through!!! so if your around the notting hill area shopping or strolling down portobello market then i highly recommend this restaurant!, the only one thing i didn't like about the restaurant was that the phone was quite loud when ringing in the centre of the seating area on one side and the ringing drowned out the music.... otherwise this would have been 5 stars.... i had a lot of fun for dinner here. pizza by the metre is great, especially for groups! we ordered a metre (between two of us) with a maximum allowed of two different types of pizze: the prosciutto and truffle combination on a mozzarella base was very generous in its topping servings; then other half was a margherita with sausage, chili, olives and bacon - also delicious, even though i am a traditionalist when it comes to pizza toppings. the menu boasts a mix of traditional italian toppings and a more fusion version of pizza toppings. the pizza dough is excellent, left to rise for 72 hours apparently, and as such is quite fluff inside, with crispy edges and base. delicious. very close to notting hill gate tube station which is also convenient. if you want good italian food in london, it's always best to ask an italian! you see, i absolutely love pizza. it is definitely one of my favorite things to eat. when she said this was her favorite place, i knew it was going to be good.the place is really cute when you walk in. it isn't very big so i'd suggest making reservations. it does take a while for the pizzas to come out so allow yourself plenty of time. there was a table in front of us where they had to rush to a show and ended up canceling their order... because they forgot to put it through initially. the service is a bit patchy but you're not coming here for a michelin star dining experience - it's strictly for the food.they give you the option of getting pizza by the meter or individuals. i love the spectacle of having a meter of pizza but it's much easier to eat if it's individual. they have a great selection of puddings - def try the tiramisu and this molten chocolate cake. if you're a fan of vin santo as a dessert wine, this is def your place! portobello's, you have just elevated yourself to my new, worldwide, favorite italian restaurant. you are the model for all aspiring italian restaurant entrepreneurs to follow. your staff, your food, your establishment, you have shown everyone how to run the best! bravo! great ambiance - nice, casual, but sophisticated. they have outdoor seating, which would be lovely in the summer. staff is friendly.sourdough bread and oil/vinegar to start. this is a nice touch. the bread is good quality, too. pretty tasty.on a saturday afternoon around 1:30 pm, about half the tables were filled. we debated getting single pizzas or just doing a 1/2 meter (recommended for two). the 1/2 meter is the exact same prize as getting two singles of whichever pizzas you want and is about the same size, but slightly bigger than two singles. we opted for the 1/2 meter only because it's a more unique experience since you can't get 1/2 meters most places and many places offer the standard single size.it was a mistake to do the half meter because i really think it changed the entire texture of the pizza. the cooking time is of course different for different pizzas (and should be because some have meat, others have cheese, others are only veggies, or no sauce, etc...), but when you combine two pizzas into one, it's either too much for one of them or too little for the other. given that cooking pizzas in a wood-burning oven is very time sensitive because of the extremely high heat, mere seconds make or break the texture and crust of the pizza. we got a magherita and a marinara - the marinara has no cheese - so the marinara part was pretty fairly burnt by the time the margherita side had cooked. the crust had turned into a cracker-like form since it didn't have cheese oils moistening it. the two together didn't quite work out. also, the mozzarella on the magherita is definitely not the best quality mozzarella. not as fresh, texture isn't as great, and a bit took oily. the tomato sauce also isn't the most flavorful.i like the overall atmosphere of the place, so i would be back to try the singles and see if that changes the quality of the pizza, but i'm still skeptical. if it's better, i will certainly report back. wow truly one of the best pizzas i've ever had. if you ever wondered what true napolitano pizza tastes like in italy, then here it is. run and owned by italians, english is a 2nd language here, although the manager seemed to understand me well enough and i him through his thick italian accent. listening to all the help as well as a few tables around us speaking italian, added to the charm of the place.it's very rare i see something in a pizzeria that i've never come across before. it's so simple, i'm not sure why someone hasn't thought of it until now. perhaps in naples it's very common, but for sure not in the us. it's a combination of a calzone and a pizza. they call it the vesuvio. basically they take an extra large pizza and fold a 3rd of it over to create the calzone part, thus leaving the other 3rd to be a regular pizza. while i'm sure you could add toppings to this, i went with it exactly as is on the menu. the calzone is stuffed with ricotta, mozzarella, and parmesan cheese as well as napoli salami and roasted ham. the pizza side was tomato sauce, mozzarella, and spicy spianata calabrese salami . only tomato sauce is used on the pizza side, so the outside of the calzone stayed nice and crisp. unlike some calzones, it wasn't all ricotta. just enough to make it a nice cheesy blend with the mozzarella. the napoli salami had a slightly smokey flavor along with the ham. yelp.com/biz_photos/portyelp.com/biz_photos/portmy wife had a the "diavola" which is spicy spianata calabrese salami and mushrooms on top of a tomato sauce and mozzarella pizza. so often we are programed to think pepperoni goes with pizza that we forget there are so many other choices of spicy cold cuts. this one is infused with the flavor of chili peppers to bring some heat but more importantly a unique flavor that releases so well when cooked on the pie. the mushrooms were pre marinated and were very flavorful as well. yelp.com/biz_photos/portportobello is a family friendly establishment and has a kids menu. they made this cute margherita pizza for my daughter with the dough shaped like a chef's neckerchief. while she couldn't finish it all, it did give me a chance to just enjoy the dough. this is what makes a great pizza and where most places fail. it takes hours and hours to work the dough to get it just right. yelp.com/biz_photos/porttheir table bread was made from the same dough and was excellent as well. it was hard not to fill up on before the pizzas arrived. we used it to balance some of the complimentary marinated carrots that they brought out. yelp.com/biz_photos/portnext time i'm in london, i will be eating here for sure and i recommend you put it on your to do list if you love great pizza. very good pizzeria in the hearth of notting hill.came here on sunday night to celebrate the birthday of a friend. we were a big group and had reserved the dining room in the lower ground floor. we had mixed antipasti and they were really good: fried calamari and shrimps, mixed cured ham and salami and a wonderful parmigiana di melanzane! they do pizza al metro and we got 2 meters (we where 20) with mixed toppings. i tried the margherita and some pizza with aubergines and both pieces were delicious. we also had some good wines and limoncello to close with.i am not sure how expensive it is notmally as we had a sort of pre set menu. the service is good, all italian waiters that really pay attention to the customers. nice place, i am not giving them the 5th star just because we had to wait for 20 minutes or so despite the reservation. great place, food is excellent, team is very attentive. ideal to go with kids. one of the best pizza in town. i ate here 3 times in a row last time i was in london. it's great to find a non-chain, clean and consistently good restaurant that's not really expensive in kensington. pizza is really good. my friends loved their calzones, siciliana pasta was delicious, broccolini sauteed with some garlic was really good, a friend ordered grilled courgettes (or as we americans call zucchini) which were some of the best courgettes i've had. i'm not even sure they were on the menu, but he's a regular. i had the farfalle with salmon which was good but too heavy/creamy for my taste. they also ruin their minestrone soup by putting repulsive rosemary in it. beware that there are some community tables, so you might be seated next to some randoms. also get ready to struggle with the 2 ton door that you need to slide to enter. besides the minor flaws, it's a really solid restaurant and a cool atmosphere. very charming restaurant located right near portobello market! the greenery covered exterior was promising at first sight. even at 2:30pm, the restaurant was packed. luckily we only had to wait a few moments to be seated outside. we ordered simple platters - the margherita pizza and the pomodora spaghetti. they were both very good, but i preferred the spaghetti dish because the pizza crust was not crisp enough to support the melting cheese on top - the warm cheese tended to slide off the thin crust if you picked it up. it's fine as long as you eat it with a fork and knife and not with your hands. we had to ask again for our drinks and the complimentary bread was served without any olive oil and balsamic vinegar until we asked for it. didn't really mind any of these small mishaps because the food and overall atmosphere made up for it. highly recommend! wow! i hardly ever order pizza at a nice restaurant, but i was in a hurry after meeting friends and needed something quick.this is the best pizza i've eaten. i've tried the great nyc pizza places, and i'd prefer the wood fire pizza here over anywhere.wonderful find. awesome pizza!extremely welcoming and friendly staff.did i say, "awesome pizza?"very pleasant surroundings.awesome pizza!this italian family has done well to reflect the best of italy in their restaurant. the presentation of other non-pizza dishes being delivered to other patrons appeared inviting and was certainly mouth-watering.and too, awesome pizza! yum!the complimentary dish sent by the chef was a new and very nice taste. don't know what it was, but we enjoyed the yummy and unexpected surprise.we also enjoyed the awesome pizza! i used to live across the road from portobello and it was amazing. the service is amazing, the food is amazing and the waiters are really nice. it's great for a family meal, or just dining by yourself. the margarita pizza, the pasta and the meat are not to be missed. make a reservation as it is always quite crowded. portobello is the best italian in west london. the service is so bad that ruins the entire meal. this people behave like they are doing you a favor. very unpleasant experience. not coming back. great food! the best restaurant in notting hill gate! quite nice spot, very loud so don't expect a intimate setting. but it was lively and service good. fresh salmon was exceptional, roasted potatoes were ok, i make better, no seasonings?? great wine by the glass, fresh bread. i'd certainly go back. the pizza looked great. excellent italian restaurant in notting hill, super nice and friendly service, everything is good, including pizza! and a nice terrasse for the summer... perfect forfriens and family (kids) lunches and dinners. so i met this guy from naples at a party, a few months ago, and being a pizza-addict we naturally ended up talking about this quintessentially italian food, and where in london one can experience pizza that is as close as possible as the one that people enjoy in italy.i was glorifying the "madeinitaly group", whose wonderful pizzas made its various venues my favorite pizzerias until tonight. i actually still love "madeinitaly", with its superb "pizza-al-metro" servings and the luscious chelsea setting , but i must admit that my fondness for the place has always been mitigated by the inexperienced and sloppy waiters, and the fact that the place is often so crowded that you have to ask for a table to a rude slob that more often than not will put you to wait 20 minutes in the basement room.enter "portobello", the pizzeria that my neapolitan acquaintance was so resolutely praising in that party night months ago. it's a small restaurant just off notting hill gate, with a tiny underground room where i knew we would be placed given i had tried to book a table 10 minutes after our arrival. red stucco walls, the obligatory (bad) italian music airing from upstairs, a couple of very polite young waiters doing their best to serve us and a dozen other people. we asked for the soup of the day, that turned up to be a very tasty cannellini and calamari one, served in a crusty dough bowl. a delicious antipasto setting nicely the style for a couple of glorious pizzas, huge and crisp, served on a wood plank: quality is not inferior to madeinitaly (neither for the ingredients nor for the cooking), and the quantity is probably 25% bigger. i ended up licking my fingers, pervaded by that sense of pure, simple bliss that only italian cuisine (and a beer) can give. five stars, this is as good as a pizzeria can get. we walked in and were seated straightaway. it was good timing since the restaurant filled up fast!we ordered pizzas and pasta, and you could tell that the ingredients were fresh and of good quality. we were really excited about their wood-fire oven for the pizzas, and their dough is amazing.the ambience is quite nice, especially if you can get seated on the terrace, and the people were there were very nice and very italian! i'm thinking that i must have ordered the wrong thing, because the name of the restaurant suggests its forte lies in pizza.there were good things, there were bad things, and each of these sort of cancelled each other out. i admit i had relatively high expectations of this place since it was recommended by friends and seems packed every time we drop by! perhaps i wouldn't have been as disappointed if i came in with a different mind set. with that said....1. our waiter was charming, very friendly, and chatty. he was so jovial that i feel kind of bad listing a negative, but it must be said. the service was a bit....shoddy. first of all, we had to wait a millennium for everything from the beginning all the way to the bill at the end. second, he got every single order wrong---for the appetizer, we asked if the goat cheese on our platter could be replaced with buffalo mozzarella. he said, "no problem! of course." when our platter arrived, the goat cheese was still there with no sign of the mozzarella. ok, fine, we let that one slip. for the main, we asked for two portions of the same pasta, one with parmesan, and one without. when our mains came, both were without parmesan. ok, no problem, we just asked him to come by and slip some on one. somewhere in between we asked for another glass of wine, and that just never came. for the dessert, we asked for one mint tea and an affogato. we got two mint teas and no affogato. the no affogato thing was a bit disappointing, so we had to correct him on that one. it suffices to say that although our waiter's nature was pleasant, he did not do his job too well....2. the food was okay. our meat platter was delicious, i really enjoyed that (even if they didn't get the order completely right). our main (fresh farfalle con polpa di granchio e zucchine) tasted good but the farfalle was not cooked evenly. the middle of each butterfly was still hard and undercooked, while the ends were al dente. 14.50 for undercooked pasta is kind of a disappointment. also, the sauce was a bit too watery. dessert was alright, but how hard is it to mess up an affogato?i did take a look at the pizzas on neighboring tables, and i admit those looked tasty. perhaps we should have gone with pizzas instead of pasta.given the prices and the plethora of italian restaurants in notting hill, i sadly have to say i will probably not be coming back here. while mediterraneo & osteria basilico might be 1-3 pounds more expensive, i would rather dish out the few extra pounds for what i know will be an amazing meal (with nothing undercooked!) & good service. if portobello lowered its prices, i might consider dropping by once in a while. probably the best italian restaurant i've been to outside of italy! truly amazing, yet simple, food. specialises in fish, and man are they good at that. and someone explain to me how they can make their tomatoes taste that awesome? great service in that truly italian way. they'll forget you for a while, but then compensate by giving you loads of attention and love when they get round to you. the open kitchen and the long table is an attraction of it's own. this is a treasure! a piece of italy in london. we were served a complimentary plate of sauted zucchini and carrots in garlic-chili olive oil with a basket of bread. then came the warm plate of olives and bruschetta - both excellent! my daughters had the "bambino" pastas - one with meatballs/tomato sauce and one with pesto. lovely! our main courses were amazing. to note was the spaghetti with the clams. the clams were perfectly sized - petite and sources from the southern coast of england. all in all, a fabulous experience. a leisurely lunch and the staff was friendly and accommodating.	1	1	1	0	1
 great service, small with a very authentic vibe, busy at 6:30pm on a wednesday. lovely sushi bar and grill options. a bit expensive but the quality of the sushi justifies the price. it is also located in a quiet yet interesting upscale community that is great for a stroll. i would highly recommend. also, reservations would be a good idea. ate here with a group of work colleagues. we had all done a long project in tokyo and therefore we are a tough bunch to please.saying that...... we were pleased! the food is excellent, i would recommend sharing dishes. i would particularly recommend the mackerel. delicious! the restaurant is very small so you need to book in advance. call to make a reservation in advance!! the place is tiny and always packed until it is closed. the food is fresh and authentic. if i could only recommend one thing i would say get the yakitori!! we got set a and surprisingly i liked the mushroom the most. the chicken, shrimp, and other stuff were delicious as well and it is very entertaining to see them cook it at the bar. dinner can get kind of pricy so try and go for their lunch menu if you want i save some monies. the restaurant is very cramped. the service can better because when we said we didn't make a reservation but we would like to wait, i didn't feel really welcomed. authentic and exquisite!! we had mixed sashimi and nigiri and salmon and tuna rolls. everything was awesome! large selection of sake, smooth and fine. we'll come back again found this tiny japanese restaurant on a late sunday evening. we were looking for a place to eat as all the restaurants in hampstead were closed. the staff were really attentive and welcoming. the food were average but the sushi were really fresh even at this late hour. the portions were small so make sure to order more than 2 dishes if you're hungry. one of the best authentic japanese places in london. it's in my favourite west hamstead with all the boutique shops and corner crepe shop! the restaurant is tiny so you'd definitely need to book a table in advance. for dinner they so a izakaya style a la carte so it's perfect for sharing little nibbles. the sushi here is pretty fresh too so i'd recommend a platter of sashimi or sushi. my usual order includes nikujyaga which is stewed potato, carrots, beef and konyaku in a soy sauce based broth. the croquette is also a must with its crunch breadcrumbs. the staff there are mix of japanese and english, very friendly and will recommend a few dishes to you too if you're not sure. it's a bit on a expensive side so it's definitely for a occasion! this was an amazing restaurant with great service and very good food. i recently went on a honeymoon in japan, and this food was on par with some of the best restaurants there. the atmosphere was lovely and intimate. we sat downstairs. i ordered the nigiri 9 piece sushi set and added an order of tamago. the fish was very fresh and the food was exquisite. my husband ordered some of the chicken skewers. they were very good and reminded me of some of the skewers i had in japan. we also both had shochu, i had a mixed drink lemonade shochu and my husband had it the traditional way with hot water. both drinks were very good.i would highly recommend this restaurant, but make a reservation it is busy. jin kichi is a authentic japanese gem in the heart of hampstead. the chef there uses his skill and expertise to make the most delicious and succulent yakitori (and you can watch him do it at the bar!). one bite of yakitori and i could almost be back in japan. all the yakitori i tried was utterly delicious from the chicken to the mushroom and the asparagus. the sauce they flavour it with is delectable and the price is very reasonable for it.the salmon sashimi was certainly the silkiest i've tried in london and the inside out prawn tempura roll was good. i didn't really like the potato croquettes and could easily just live on the yakitori here instead. jin kichi is tiny and we had a little trouble finding it in the dark until we realised it would be the one with the japanese noren curtains hanging outside. i will definitely be back to join the crowd here and enjoy the yakitori delights again. the best sushi you'll ever have, which is quite clearly made from the freshest ingredients. i never seen a more crimson cut of tuna, and i've never had fish that melts in my mouth! the restaurant itself is small and intimate (i highly recommend booking in advance) and the staff very attentive.i will be coming back here again. i'm not usually one to write reviews like this, but i was so disappointed by my visit here. i had checked online for this place's hours and found that it closes at 2pm. however, i found it really early and a bit odd as 2pm doesn't seem too late to eat lunch. it was 2:05, so i called the restaurant and asked what time they were closing. the man replied that they were closing at 9 and that they were currently open. i then said i saw online that they closed at 2pm and if it was true. he said that no, they do not close at 2 and that they are still open for lunch. so, my friend and i go all the way up to hampstead by bus and the bus doesn't even go all the way. we got dropped off in hampstead heath and then we walked all the way to the restaurant. when we get there, the lady working there tells us that they are closed. and when i try to say that i called about twenty minutes ago, she says "i'm explaining to you that we are closed." she doesn't care at all that someone in the restaurant told me otherwise. doesn't look apologetic. talks to me condescendingly, repeating over and over that she is "explaining" to me, like i'm stupid and that i don't understand english. it was absolutely disheartening because we wasted so much time and energy to get there. also money on the tube ride! i would never go back to this place because the woman was so disrespectful. i recommend not going to this restaurant because you would be supporting a rude and mean lady! how i envy those who live in hampstead!not for their big houses or quaint village atmosphere or the good schools. but for jin kichi, which is one hell of an izakaya tucked away in hampstead.having eaten at dinings the weekend before, jin kichi at first glance looks similar: small japanese restaurant. but the styles are so diffferent. dinings goes down the creative route, and charges an arm and a leg for it. jin kichi has a menu that probably came from a izakaya menu template, as the dishes are all the standard things you'd find across japan.yet the quality was good, the pricing reasonable, and the service fast and efficient.do try the yakitori while there - second only to the ones you'll find at bincho, the yakitori specialists. and then venture through their extensive menu - outside-in rolls were well made and full of fresh fish. fatty tuna was melt in the mouth.do make reservations though if you want to go - this place was packed on a friday evening! very japanese, prepare to take at least 1 hour to finish a quick lunch. hope it was by my place. this was a fun place to go i'm hampstead although this may have been due to the saki. the food was pretty good overall although if i am to be honest i wasn't majorly impressed by the time portion s of sashimi. the spicy tuna dish was a delight though and for some reason reminded me of fiji and a marinated fish dish i relished out in the southern sun. very good find! spicy tuna!! quickly made friends with the resident sushi chef who obviously loved his art. very popular sushi restaurant in hampstead, close to the station which is useful. the menu is reasonably priced, we spent about 25 per head and gorged ourselves on very fresh tune, salmon and yellowtail. the tofu was also very well cooked.service was ok, not great but not bad. and the space was a little cramped but still pleasant. the place was very busy, every table was replaced within 5 minutes with fresh diners. but the food kept coming at a decent rate.enjoyed it. this is a great little find. good japanese food that almost makes you feel like you're in tokyo eating the real deal. every little dish we tried was well executed and flavorful. the yakitori part of the restaurant is open to the eaters eyes, and it needs a good clean, or even better a complete upgrade. but when the food arrives this is all forgotten. the decor in general needs an upgrade, and due to its cramped style a little stuffy and claustrophobic. but..... i will go back more than a few times for the great taste and pricing. i was quite happy when the bill arrived and ringing in at 40.for two people with drinks and multiple course i would call that a definate win for a late night tasty bite. a very cosy and homey place. serves the best sushi with the freshest tuna that i've ever had. some of the skewers were not to my taste (the chicken meatball skewer for example) but the chicken yakitori and the onion skewer were delicious. the service was excellent and it was not too pricey. what a great lunch we had. the lunch box had a nice assortment of items and the various sushi rolls we got were very tasty. i don't really care for miso soup but this one was very good. it is a very small place but worth it. wow what an authentic gem of a place in hampstead! we had been to the affordable art fair earlier and wanted a nice place to eat near the station. we found this place on yelp and even with no booking, the owner/manager managed to fit us in. we sat in front of the sushi bar and even though the place was small, we were all very comfortable. we ordered udon, sushi, sashimi, the classic options, and all were impeccable choices. best sashimi i've had for a while. great place for a date or to have an intimate catch up :) as a japanese person, i was thrilled to find jin kichi. it's owned and run by japanese and it really is the most authentic japanese cooking in london. it's super busy so best to make a reservation but it's totally worth it! i have been hard pressed to find a better japanese restaurant in london that represents the taste, authenticity and hospitality of japanese cooking. one of the best japanese restaurant i've ever been to. i highly recommend this restaurant if you're craving for good quality japanese food. their customer services was excellent. this restaurant was fully packed on fathers day so we were lucky enough to be seated down during lunch time without a reservation by the chef's grilling area for the yakitori. although the restaurant was compact and cosey, you weren't invading into your neighbour's space. my partner had the "set a" yakitori dish and i ordered the sashimi lunch box. the yakitori were amazing. it wasn't just grilled on a griller but you could taste the charcoals which has been infused into the yakitori. although there were only 7 skewers which doesn't fill you up, it was absolutely delicious. the sashimi was the freshest i've ever tasted in london. it is definitely more pricey than other japanese restaurant i've been to in london but it was worth every penny. nice japanese restaurant and really cute decor. busy for a monday so best to book. grilled food was good, you can sit at the bar if you want to watch them prepare it, and order more food than you need in envy. there is also an upstairs and downstairs seating area too. the staff were nice and reasonably attentive but they lose a star when people came in off the street and they rushed us out to seat them. i was still finishing my drink, what should i do - take it with and swig it on the genteel streets of hampstead? hmph best yakitori in town that's cooked on coals in front of you. the chicken wings are delicious, as is the pan fried scallops on hot plate. don't focus on the sushi - even though its not bad here - it's the grilled skewers which really are tastybookings definitely required on the weekend. i think the zagat ratings nail it for this place: 27 for food and 13 for decor. the digs are not high end by any stretch. but the food is to die for. i'm from san francisco, which sets a high standard for sushi. jin kichi matches it. the owner, atsushi-san deeply cares about your experience. kim, the head waitress, runs a tight ship that focuses on hospitality and quality. it ain't cheap, but it's awesome. some of my favorite dishes: chicken skin skewer, shiso leaf and pork skewer, black cod miso, and otoro sashimi. best japanese food i have ever eaten, truly authentic great service what an experience. you must book. go! good veg choice, great saki. cute little place in baby blue. cozy japanese decor - tick. japanese-owner - tick. japanese chefs - tick. menu with not just teriyakis - tick. menu was extensive with little traditional home cooking dishes, udon, sushi and kushiyakis. we only had the stomach to try kushiyaki set a and sushi rolls - all very tasty and fresh. sushi platter looked amazing. made a note to try next time along with the soup rice, grills and shochus. orders came quickly. a busy place so best to book. i've tried quite a few japanese restaurants in tokyo as well as in a few european cities, and jin kitchi serves undoubtedly the most authentic japanese cuisine in this city (london). we had 4 different kinds of sushi - the rice was properly cooked and the ingredients tasted all very fresh. grilled salmon and other small vegetable dishes were very satisfactory as well. quite possibly one of my top restaurants in london. we live close by and try to go at least every week sometimes more. the upstairs bar part is best to be seated. well this is where i prefer as you can catch the grill master in action, its great a great vibe and lots of action. the sushi is so good, the grills are delicious, and the price is very good for what it is. it's small but it gets so busy that you should make a reservations weeks in advance. small restaurant in hampstead, this place serves solid japanese food, nothing fancy or outrageous, just reliably good fares. when it is busy it can get a little cramped in there. jinkichi is probably the most authentic japanese food that you can find in the local hampstead/nw3 area. this tiny restaurant off of heath street is a hidden gem. it can get really busy, so recommend booking in advance. also, the seating is probably a bit nicer upstairs. my wife and i shared the prawn tempura dish for a starter - it was amazing. i had a meat and vegetable kabob for my main and it was equally as tasty. the service was a bit slower than i'd hoped for, but again, this place stays very busy. the ambiance was very loud, but energetic and upbeat. if you are downstairs, you can also see them preparing some of the food (which can be a plus or minus)! recommend for anyone in the area, but do give them a call and book a table.	0	1	0	0	0
 we were here for beef wellington. it was definitely exceed our expectations. the order was for two people. we also ordered dessert eton mess, a cool dessert hasn't seen elsewhere. recommend to make reservation ahead of time. i wanted to like bob bob ricard more than i actually did. i think it deserves a 5 star for decor, service, and atmosphere but the food was a solid 3 for me. the restaurant itself is stunning; everything is opulently decorated from the pink and gold china to the gilded walls and luxurious "press for champagne" button at each table. unfortunately the food just didn't match up for me. my friend and i started with the crab and avocado salad and the shrimp and fish dumplings. the dumplings were good but nothing to write home about while the crab salad tasted like very fishy crab with a smear of avocado cream. it was not fresh tasting at all and i honestly took two bites and the decided that was enough. for our entrees we had chicken kiev and the dover sole with lobster champagne sauce. the chicken was excellent but my dover sole tasted a bit off and the creamy lobster champagne sauce was a bit heavy. perhaps the food just wasn't my taste, i was just hoping for better. i did love the side of roast vegetables though; they were easily the best thing we ordered. i would come back to bob bob ricard for drinks as the atmosphere is amazing but might skip the food next time. unassuming from the outside, so much british, inside is hushed and opulent, the greeting warm and speedy. two rooms, blue on the ground, red downstairs. both swanky. my host chose the blue room with windows, but who looked outside?the show was inside, in this fancifully decorated quasi art deco ish room with hints of bags of money stashed somewhere. the champagne button, a funny touch, works.fancy chow, fancy prices, and what a wine list!expensive, a bit too too, and it was great fun!enjoy! bob bob ricard is amazing, heard a lot about this place, from know food critics to friends who have eaten here. and its been 50/50. now that i have been, i side with this place is a definite place to try. the venue itself is unique and has a flare for the dramatics and endearing. art decor theme with part godfather feel, part russian oligarch. a lot of attention in the details from the floors to the napkins and booths. we sat downstairs, which i believe has more of a romantic feel. the food was brilliant, i remember i wanted to order different things, try different things. its a fusion of russian and bistro. deserts was amazing too, finally got to try that instagramable chocolate ball thing. very rich, and very fun. customer service was top notch, every staff was hand on deck. the cost was dear though, and not something i can do everyday, but thoroughly enjoyed myself and glad i went. bob bob ricard is all about the classy but stylish ambiance, the amusing "press for champagne" button, the number one beef wellington in town, and the bedazzled signature chocolate glory. that's pretty much all you need to know. i was searching above and beyond in all of london for the best beef wellington. i found it at bob bob ricard.located in soho, once you walk through the doors at bob bob you feel the elegance and luxury. we were all ushered downstairs to more private intimate dining area and i tell you i loved it. they have a button on the table that says "press for champagne" guess what it works!upon sitting down, i was introduced to val, who is the manager and he gave us a shot of the russias finest vodka, imperia. oh i tell you it was delicious! what a way to start my first visit here.the atmosphere reminds me of a modern/20s feel and it blended together well. you do need to be kind of dressed in biz casual. appetizers--siberian sturgeon caviar - why not it had a really mild flavor to it-siberian pelmeni with beef tea - this are dumplings style which had lamb and beef - recommend-salmon tartare imperial main course -1st visit - beef wellington - this serves 2 so if you come with a larger group, make sure to order enough. it takes 45 minutes for this to be cooked but its a quick 45 minutes lol.bob bob ricard serves the best!!!!! beef wellington ever. (they used scottish beef) the pastry was perfectly baked, the beef filet wrapped in truffle and foie, and the meat cooked perfectly. the first bite was amazing, i was in heaven. i have never ever tasted anything so delicious in my life. i enjoyed each bite, the explosion of flavors and deliciousness... i cannot explain it more than saying you have to try it for yourself if you love beef wellington and if you have never had it, what are you waiting for?? go already!2nd visit - chateubriand - also from scottish beef. very good but not as good as the beef wellington off course!sides (both visits) - -smashed peas-truffled mashed potatoes-smashed peppered corni was surprised they charge for bread and butter, but oh well, the food was worth it!dessert (both visits) - -trio of sorbets and vodka - -signature chocolate glory bob bob ricard will be the first restaurant i eat at during the first nigh of all my future london trips because of the beef wellington. i hate to leave bbr with two stars, but i was rather unimpressed with the food and service here. particularly at its price point, i had great expectations which became increasingly deflated during the course of the meal. the restaurant itself is gorgeous and as i visited during the christmas season, it was really festive. the smell of cinnamon and warm spices hit me as i walked in the door which was a great touch - i'm a sucker for small details like this that get me in the holiday spirit. everyone loves the novel "press for champagne" button located at each table, which is cute albeit slightly gimmicky. our group's orders were taken an hour after we settled in which isn't a big deal since we were all busy chatting away but this idleness seemed to be a theme throughout the night and we waited a while for everything from water refills to our courses. i had the crab salad and salmon tartare which were both fine, but nothing to write home about. the salmon tartare had a mass of overly sweet pickled fennel on top which i think took away from the dish. the fennel was also simultaneously really acidic and gave the raw salmon a strange semi-cooked texture. perhaps i ordered the wrong dishes as two of my friends really enjoyed the beef wellington, but to me the meal was a bit underwhelming. my friend and i came here to celebrate her birthday. i loved it from the moment i walked in. staff were very welcoming and friendly and once we were seated and ordered our drinks, our waitress asked us did we not want to press the infamous 'press for champagne' button and so said she would go away so we could press it and then return to take our order! we were obviously trying to play it cool by not getting excited about the button but loved that she humoured us! we decided to go straight to main courses and get dessert. i ordered the chicken milanese and my friend had the lobster mac and cheese. the presentation of the mac and cheese was really impressive and you get a good sized portion and it tasted great, although my friend wasn't so sure it was worth the 25. my chicken was really nice, but i wasn't sure about the garnish/sauce on top. i ordered fries to go with it and the portion was large, enough to share. you have to order any vegetables/potatoes etc separately, dishes don't tend to come with them, which isn't uncommon at nice places. we shared a chocolate fondant for dessert, which was delicious!! the sauce that came with it was so good, it was minty and tasted really refreshing. a strange one, but so good! i loved the decor of the restaurant, the colours and different textures, it felt really luxurious and you feel like you are on a yacht or something. this place is probably more of a special occasion kind of place due to the prices, but i loved it and can't wait to go back. i would probably rate the good 4/5 but the overall experience definitely 5/5. you want luxury over the top? you want a menu fitting a rock star or a russian oligarch? you want a button by your table you simply press to get a glass of champagne? three words: bob bob ricard. this is where you should go. im sure you are well aware of the gatsby-ish interior if you are reading this review so ill keep it short. lets just say its stunning either you end up in the red or blue dining room. how about the food then? yes the food is up to par with the rest. here is what we tried on the menu: *oysters brezhnev (5) delicous high quality parmesanbaked oysters topped with truffle. whats there not to love? *pelmini with a beef/tea broth (4,5) delicious little russian dumplings in a gorgeous broth packed with flavors. very good!*beef tartar with foie gras (4) the tartar was very good as well with cute little cubes of foie gras as a nice touch. while it was very good it was not the best i have tried. for the luxurious ones you can also top this dish with osetra caviar....*beef wellington. (+5!) wow this was the most amazing beef weelington i have tasted. the puff pastry was beautiful and crunchy on the outside and light and fluffy inside. the steak was perfect medium-rare and the truffle ju together with the duxelle layer was packed with umami flavors. this is not cheap at 90  but its a royal dinner for 2. we skipped the sides and where happy as we could barely finish the delicios beef. service was friendly without being overbearing and the champagne button is a must try (duh....). one can argue that its expensive as the total check was almost identical with the one we had at 2 michelin star "dinner by heston" but its really two completly different restaurants even though i give them both 5 stars. would love to come back. press for champagne is the gimmicky button which attracted press to bob bob ricard but the gimmick stops there.the food is delicious and i would come back to try more!!!celebrating my friend new job we bathed our dinner with a bottle of champagne which was serve in beautiful heavy crystal glasses.we shared the pelmini (russian beef and pork dumplings) in beef broth. the stuffing was a but hard (probably more beef in the mix vs pork) but the dumplings paste as perfect and the broth just as delicious. its a must try!!!! as main, my friend had the onglet and really like it (havent tasted it but it sure looked yummy).i had the fish pie and it was really good and the crust was just a pleasure to eat and look at.desserts:my friend had the chocolate fondant (didnt try it but looked really good) i had the sour cherry souffle and it was a very good souffle, i would recommend it!all in all this is a great place to celebrate something special (they even got us a small free cake but it was really disgusting but its the intention that counts) the food is not innovative but its deliciously tasty! can't say i was terribly impressed.service was ok, tried too hard, came off looking pushy.started with the bloody mary's. one of the worst i have had. at about 13, you'd expect they would know how to make such a simple drink. warm tomotao juice, lack of ice, no salt or pepper, hardly any kick to it. alcohol, none that i could taste. really poor.additionally a double gin and tonic, 25, tiny glass, bit of a joke. i'm used to london prices, a martini at the connaught is similar pricing and it's worth it but bbr is a bit silly.food. had two filet mignon rossini, was fine, nothing that special. chicken pie, again fine, did the trick but that's about all. lobster mac and cheese, from the hype i had heard, pretty disappointing. side of carrorts, fine.all of the food needed extra seasoning.dessert, the creme brulee and eton mess. the eton mess was a unique display of the dessert but looked better than it tasted.all in all, an average dinner experience and i shall not be coming back. there are many better places to go.... "it's called bob ricard"... "wait, bob bob ricard?"..."no, wait, i don't know"most importantly, "press for champagne"i enjoyed myself so much that i cannot properly put my experience into words.let me give you a few highlights...- rhubarb cocktail is one of the best cocktails i have ever had, but i am quite fond of rhubarb. - beef wellington. beef wellington. beef wellington.- the interior is breathtakingly beautiful - the bathrooms are fun... - and, of course, the press for champagne button the service is slower and easy going, but very professional and high-brow feeling. the people dining here were so beautiful it made my forehead a bit misty and i felt light headed. i don't know if i had ever experienced that before... i felt like what a young boy must feel like when he discovers that girls do not have cooties and he very much likes them. but after all, it was fashion week... bob bob ricard is a decadent stylish venue of perfection.everything from the decor, staff, food presentation are absolutely top notch.upon arrival, we were taken to our table in the blue room on the ground floor. it was quite dark, but lit well enough that you could see the dark blue wallpaper. note there is another smaller room downstairs aptly named the red room. apparently you can't pick the room when booking, however think blue for nice and relaxed, red for a little more excitement.food was mostly good. prices were quite high, and you're clearly paying for the ambience and decor of the place. food was generally good, but the chips that came with our meal were too salty, and the fish pie i ordered, whilst having a lot of seafood, didn't include any mash potato. being a mariners fish pie, you expect seafood in a creamy cheese sauce, followed by mash, then topping. all the food however was extremely rich and the starter, some russian dumplings was divine.dessert was a sublime signature chocolate glory. a golden ball with hot chocolate poured over. whilst melted the gold to reveal a dessert of chocolate brownie, mousse and passionfruit, orange jelly. definitely one to share and quite impressive. i wish i had taken some video.in all, this is a place where presentation and style take precedent over everything else. great for a special occasion but not a place you'd feel entirely comfortable eating at unless money was no object.a 2 course dinner plus cocktail and shared dessert will set you back around 70 a head. i. loved. it. amazing service and food. had the -18c shots and they were smoooooth. service is so great! had the sole, baked oysters, and eton mess. tried my mate's lobster dumplings and pork belly and they were great too! the staff were so friendly. even an attendant present for the bathroom. i was thoroughly pleased.  would go back anytime. so delicious!! the ambience reminds me of a train carriage in russia! super luxurious. service was amazing. there's a button you can press for champagne.i got the fish pie and the bbr signature chocolate glory. very filling and tasted so satisfying. tried my friends chicken and mushroom pie and thought that was delicious too. we had to book a couple of weeks in advance for a weekend dinner. you can't just walk in and ask for a table without a reservation. the dress code is smart attire. great experience would visit again for that fish pie !! we went there yesterday for dinner. i had steak tartare and champaigne. i'm used to eating raw meat and eating tartare from home - so i was excited for my order. food arrived, i was not impressed with the taste, but i ate half of it anyway and ordered bread to eat it with. after the dinner we got home, i felt full and my stomach felt very heavy, like i had a rock in there. the raw meat in the tartare probably wasn't fresh enough, and it caused me serious food poisoning.i would not recommend this dish there to anyone, yet i loved the place! it's a beautiful interior worth to visit, just don't order tartare. i think this is a 4.5, but i will round up based on the overwhelmingly tastiness of the food.during my year in the uk, i have been on the hunt for the best beef wellington. who would have thought that i would find it in a russian-english hybrid restaurant in london?the beef wellington, like all the food at bob bob ricard, was expensive. but the beef wellington was also unbelievably good, and worth the price tag. the outer crust was crispy and perfectly gold brown; the steak was juicy, tender, and packed with flavor. it was all held together with a sauce that tasted like magic. i think the beef wellington from bob bob ricard is a must try dish for anyone living in or visiting london.the fish pie was also a surprise. it was bursting with flavors of the sea and had a beautifully crunchy crust; this is another must order.the pork belly was tender, the desserts were tasty. everything at this place is good! save some money, and come here for a special occasion. beautiful restaurant. i started with the mushroom and onion dumplings, which was almost like a pasta in a light butter sauce, followed by the chicken kiev (breaded chicken stuffed with spinach). the chicken was really juicy and the dish was flavorful. my husband had the imperial steak tartare (with caviar on top) and the boeuf bourguignon. he loved both. finished the meal off with two chocolate truffles. you could definitely taste the bourbon. really great service. would highly recommend for a nice dinner out. press the champagne button & arrives your lovely waiter with a glass of champagne! winning!!i loved the decor of the place, very relaxing and exciting all at the same time! we only ordered appetizers so i cannot give a review of the food, but we were all pleased with our appetizers. i ordered the tuna tartar, which was fresh & yummy. great place to celebrate, birthdays, date night or just a girls night out! front desk were unexpectedly rude after a friend recommend i go there. last night in town and couldn't even get a glass of champagne by myself or with one friend. maybe they should reevaluate their front desk staff. "press for champagne" now in my head will always be a negative association. more like "press for attitude" even if you came in with no poor thoughts just a smile and excitement, you'll soon be slapped with the ego trip from the staff. #thankgod4yelp #ijustwantedchampagne bob oh bob!!!!! bobbyyyyyyy! bobby boy! you make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. champagne on demand? sure thing, bob's got you. all you have to do is press a button and champagne will be served to you. the crowd is somebody, the food pretty decent. overall a great experience in london. amazing food and amazing service! i enjoyed every bite. the interior design was so so but hey, it is london. they give you warm bread (we had to stop ourselves from eating all of it) and butter while waiting for the goodies to start coming. starters: jersey grade a rock oysters & lovster, crab, & shrimp pelmeni (bomb!)main course: beef wellington & lobster mac & cheese (totally devoured both dishes)dessert: bbr signature chocolate glory - and it was heavenly glorious i must say even the presentation of it. a total must try. if you care at all about food and service...look elsewhere. especially for special outings. you may be terribly disappointed. we clearly chose the wrong night to come to bob bob ricard as there had been a power outage. however, despite these circumstances you would think a distinguished restaurant would know how to handle such situations. wishful thinking. there was no communication to us about the fact that we couldn't order from 85% of the menu and there was no attempt to rectify the situation (besides offering 1 complimentary glass of 9 malbec).  in the end we had terrible grumpy service, subpar (cold) food and a bill far too high for food we didn't even want to order but had to because we were starving and had no other option. there are hundreds of options in this city for a fun, romantic delicious night out and i am so bummed i didn't pick someplace else. service - very good, attentivesiberian pelmeni with beef tea - sooooo good. this should have been my entree (based on my impending disappointment)chateaubriand - could have been great, but my steak was not served on a hot plate, thus the steak tasted like it had been cooling down for a while before someone realized to deliver it to my table, ugh, so disappointing! thought to myself, maybe they don't serve steak on hot plates in london...randomly had an uber driver who was a chef and he confirmed for me that plate should have been hot, even just for sanitary reasons. well...epic fail bob bob ricard.sour cherry souffle - sooooo good. so at least my disappointing steak was bookended by a great appe and great dessert.would have been 4 stars at least if it weren't for that dang lukewarm steak. bob bob ricard is just amazing. it is always very complicated to choose, everything sounded amazing on the menu.i always start my meal there with a russian starter : either pelmeni or vareniki.all dishes are just always syperb and delicious. service is perfect, waiters are always very attentive. it's the perfect place for a first date, birthday...or just a normal dinner if you like nice and luxurious surroundings. average at best. decent decor but bad vibes. daylight robbery when it came to the drinks. everything was fine. but i was here for the beef wellington. it turns out to be really average, not worth the money. my husband refuses to eat raw meat of any kind but i wasn't even allowed a bite of the steak tartare. wellington is also not to be missed, and was gorgeous at christmas. used to be my favorite place because of the press for champagne button! however, the beef onglet which used to be amazing was overcooked and isn't what it used to be. the drinks are good and the atmosphere great but the food is not something to write home about. although i had a fun time with my friends i have to say that i've had equal if not much better experiences elsewhere at half the cost (or less). the vodka shots at the start certainly put us in a good mood but they also glossed over the less positive aspects of the dining experience at the time. on reflection though the experience was distinctly average. for starters, their cocktails and drinks are incredibly overpriced for what you get. i had a g&t (double) which cost 25 which is pretty high even by london standards, though it would have been okay if it had actually tasted good or been served in a larger glass than the tiny one they served it in. i chose the truffled potato & mushroom vereniki as my starts and salmon tartare as my main, which although really well made quite tiny. i can accept that starters are small but certainly not the main course. perhaps i should have chosen one of the more expensive dishes, but at 16.50 i would still expect a decent portion. it was fun having the champagne button there, but the novelty really wore off after the first time, and it probably would have been cheaper to order a bottle anyways instead of pressing the button and getting a glass instead. overall, a fun evening but at a very steep cost for what i actually got served. glad i've tried it given the reputation but i won't be going back anytime soon.	0	0	1	0	0
 a great restaurant with friendly, and efficient staff. nice atmosphere, and the food presentation was delightful, and delicious. if you're looking for a place to eat with food that's not boring, try trinity in cambridge. had a meal there on valentines day. it really was delightful. we went all out, tasting menu with the extra dishes. the food was sublime, i thought the sauces in each dish were what stood out for me. i read another review about not eating too much bread (just now). i agree with this comment. by the time i got to dessert i was stuffed and needed a break. but the great news is the tarte tatin is huge and we took half of it home. the service was excellent. it is clear the staff are all very fond of the restaurant and have worked there for a long time. our waiter had been there two and a half years. i really enjoyed being able to look into the kitchen and see our food being prepared. stellar food. delicious from start to finish. and the service is a great combination of attentive, precise and casual. oh trinity. such lovely experience every single time. i love this place dearly but i'll keep my reviews brief. my tips for you:1. convince super star yelper yee gan o to go with you. it's quite possible that he has reviewed every single restaurant you looked up on yelp, and he's the most loved customer at trinity. you are bound to have a great time if you go with him.2. if you can't get mr o to come with you, go ahead and make a reservation anyway. the staff are all very friendly and helpful.3. it's always a good idea to go with the seasonal tasting menu. i had 3 different tasting menus and was never disappointed. 4. their bread rolls are very delicious but refrain yourself from eating too much (it will happen!). save some space for the actual dishes. 5. strongly recommend their souffls. a huge thank you to yee gan o. for: 1. treating me out for my birthday.2. introducing me to this amazing restaurant.the experience couldn't have been better. i haven't had this great of a meal at a fine dining establishment in a long time. ygo has been raving about this restaurant and i had never heard of it. i was willing to try it though because there's no doubt in my mind that he knows good food. we made plans for dinner at 7:30pm and quickly made the decision to have the 5-course tasting menu (which is well worth the 50). i started out with a strawberry bellini (9) which was refreshing and divine.so tasting menu, here goes:1. chilled soup of broad bean, black olive, & lemon - so cool since they bring out your bowls, then pour some green in it. i asked the server if we could mix and he said to mix away. this was really tasty and one of my favorite dishes of the night.2. charred cornish mackerel, apple & borage - amazing presentation and unique flavors. unfortunately i'm just not a huge mackerel fan, but i still ate it all up.3. trotters, sourdough, gribiche and crackling - our surprise dish from the chef. it was wonderful and almost too pretty to eat. i loved the addition of the crispy fried quail's egg. good thing, i didn't find out until later what trotters were or else i would have been more hesitant to eat it. 4. baked stone bass, scallop filled courgette flower - another lovely dish with flavorful fish and other complements. i enjoyed this one as well.5. new season lamb, bbq asparagus, jersey royals and bagna cauda - i don't usually like lamb, but this one was so moist and tender. it was very easy to eat and packed full of flavor. and the asparagus... *sigh* i love asparagus, and this one tasted great. this was my other fave of the night.we were able to try the strawberries and cream as well as the apple crumble souffle with custard ice cream. what can i say? of course it was good. it was a great way to end an already amazing meal. and on top of that?! they brought us two raspberry lemon filled macarons because they saw me eyeing them from earlier on in the night. i highly recommend trinity for a great dinner. the service is one of the best experiences i've had in london and the food is michelin-star worthy. this is a great restaurant, just get down to clapham to try it out. sigh. the only thing which makes me sad about dining at trinity is when i excitedly check next year's michelin guide only to find that they have again inexplicably failed to award them the star that they so clearly deserve. for the 2013 guide, trinity has garnered a bib gourmand but not yet the starall i ask for is some consistency. chez bruce just down the road has held a star for quite a few years and the food and service at trinity easily surpasses that. could it be because chez bruce serves french food while trinity is a champion of modern british cooking and ingredients? i can't fathom any other reasonthey also have consistency and have always delivered when i've dined there, either on my own or with many friends and familymy latest visit was with my visiting yelp elite friend lorrie m from california. i was a little nervous as she has a discerning palate and is unfailingly honest with her reviews and not easily star-struck, being happy to give 3 michelin star restaurants a 'meh'! however, from my previous experiences at trinity, i was quietly confident that they could deliver the goodsanother reason i bring people here is that i feel trinity is the best example of modern british cooking in london. the kithcen uses a few top class ingredients, cooking them with accuracy and combining them with flair and imagination to bring out the best of each otherthey source and use british ingredients and seasonality is very close to chef patron adam byatt's heart with his menus changing on a monthly basis to reflect the best of available produce. for our meal on monday, we had wild mushrooms, black trufffle and deer representing the best of autumnthe canape showcased classic british wigmore cheese in croquettes with a mustard dip. the warm trinity bread rolls wee accompanied by churned buttertrinity now offers 2 tasting menus - 5 courses for 45 or 7 courses for 55. as confirmed in one of the newspaper restaurant guides, these are the best value tasting menus in londonunsurprisingly, we went for the 7 course option:1. sweetcorn and smoked haddock soup,salt cod scotch eggthis was really brought to life with truffle emulsion drizzled onto the soup2. sea bass ceviche, ash mayonnaise, chamomile pickle and charred cucumberthe ceviche is usually scallop but they substituted sea bass that evening. not really sour with lime zinginess that i've had with other ceviches, this was nonetheless a lovely amalgamation of flavours3. medley of wild mushrooms on toast with lardoa generous portion of wonderfully earthy mushrooms was lent even more umami depth by the lardo (italian cured pork fat!)4. cod, cockles, cauliflower,capers and raisinsperfectly cooked flaky cod with crispy skin was paired (or should that be tripled) with cauliflower prepared 3 ways - roasted, puree and pickled5. risotto with prawnnever has a description so undersold a dish. best. risotto. ever. there was a decadent slice of black truffle on top but the flavour of the risotto rendered it redundant. that's how good it was. i'm still dreaming of it!6. roasted deer, liver croustillant, hispi cabbagedeer is a lean meat but it was still so succulent on the plate. i think it could be my new favourite game meat. so grateful to have tried it here7. chocolate yoghurt cremosa,peanut butter mousse, salt caramelthe genius component was the peanut butter mousse which had the full flaour of peanut butter but was ever so lightreflecting the wonderful customer satisfaction ethic in the restaurant, they allowed lorrie substitute her dessert for plum souffle as she adores souffles. well, i think her review (yelp.co.uk/biz/trinity-r) speaks for itself when it comes to her thoughts on the souffle. i fullt concur with her expert opinion!service was once again superb from all members of staff, ably managed by restaurant manager simoni really don't know what more they can do to convince michelin that they fully deserve that star but i just want to encourage them to know that they've already earned the approval of the fussiest critics i know (my parents) and all my discerning yelp friends have given you a hearty thumbs up. we just have to wait for michelin to catch up 40 for a six course taster menu in london? top quality food, presentation and service? tasteful, unpretentious decor? trinity ticks all the right boxes - yee gan o, you know how to recommend a good restaurant!i started the night with an apricot bellini which accompanied the appetiser of fresh peas and radishes with a salmon roe dip - fresh flavours and a beautifully creamy accompaniment. we were also given bread rolls fresh out of the oven - so tasty a couldn't resist a second when offered, even though i knew there was so much food still to come.the wine list offered a good choice without being over expensive. i loved the fact that i could order a carafe instead of a bottle. being the only drinker i had to make sure that i didn't pass out on the train on the way home!the first course of our taster menu was chilled pea and mint soup with homemade ricotta and lemon puree. the dishes were delivered to our table with the ricotta, pea and lemon in the bowl, the soup was then poured on top from a milk bottle; i loved the innovative presentation of this dish. i'm not usually a fan of cold soups but this was really tasty.course number two was seared yellow fin tuna, sesame and soy dressing, pak choi and lime. the dressing really brought out the flavour of the tuna and the dish had just the right balance of sweetness and acidity.the third course was roast orkney scallop, white gazpacho, fresh almonds and pickled grapes. again, the flavours complimented each other perfectly.roast breast of aylesbury duck was next. this was served with a confit duck leg pastila (similar to a samosa), girolles, spinach and a raisin puree. the puree was very sweet but cut through the richness of the duck. the duck breast was ever so slightly chewy but the pastila was divine.next came my absolute favourite course - strange being that it was the smallest! it was a green tea yogurt that consisted of a layer of yogurt, a layer of jelly, a layer of foam and sprinkles of dehydrated green tea on the top. the tastes and textures were phenomenal. i could have eaten this course over and over again!last, but by no means least was an extremely rich chocolate cremosa (mouse), served with honeycomb and almond... a great finish to an exceptional meal.after 6 courses i was quite content but not overly full (but maybe that's just because i'm a glutton!). i did wear the stretchy dress to comfortably contain the ever-expanding waistline!this was a really good dining experience. all the wait staff were super friendly and helpful, but not in an over-the-top fashion. such a great restaurant, it was worth the three hour round trip!! came here the first night i was in london, recommended by their secretly paid live marketing campaign, yee gan o.! i say that because he refers everyone there! maybe trinity should be giving ygo some kick backs :)i opted for the 5 courses; and in order of what i liked best:-mushroom soup, english truffles and salted beef: wow! this is a soup? who knew i would love soup so much! but i supposed when there's truffle oil in the soup and even shaved truffles, that will turn anyone into a soup lover! the salted beef combined with the creamy but mellow flavors of truffle, really made this a treat for me! -roast halibut, wild fennel, vinaigrette of carrot and cookies: the main part that won me over was the carrot and cookies! although pickled, it was crushed like crumbles on the dish. extremely creative and gave great texture that complimented the roasted halibut.-venison, salt baked celeriac and apple- a good piece of meat, nicely cooked and a unique way to prepare the celeriac.-charred mackerel, compressed watermelon, cucumber and dill- pleasantly refreshing and creative. mackerel is usually an oily fish, but with the slice of cool watermelon, it presented the fish in a new light! -souffle- ygo raved about this dessert! it was fluffy, without being too eggy, and a plum compote on the bottom. for a non-dessert person, it was nice, but for me it's just not fair to critique this dish, as i don't think i appreciated it as much as a true foodie with a sweet tooth!great way to experience what london's food scene is really about! get to the chase:pros:1) an adventure of tastes, textures and colors2) heated entry foyer3) perfect for dates or families4) exceptional service (polite, prompt, and informative)5) food is beyond words (very modern without being over the top pretentious)...i feel these days many restaurants go over the top in terms of culinary innovation that the main delight of taste and a fulfilling size are left out. trinity does not do that. it remains modern and interesting without losing sight of the customer's empty bellies and salivating taste buds. 6) clear winners for me were the "coriander seared tuna, avocado, soy and lime" and the "blackberry and apple parfait, caramelised white chocolate and hazelnut". they were simply out of this world! cons:1) one negative is the fact that some people could find the dishes too rich and heavy...there were a lot of powerfully flavored and heavy dishes. i didn't find this to be the case, but it's worth a note for those who like more delicate dishes. i'm so happy that i had a chance to come here while i was in london and even luckier to be in the company of someone in the know! thanks to london yelp elite yee gan o. i had a fantastic time at trinity on my last night in london.given that, it would only be appropriate that my 2000th review be a raving review for trinity in london, uk.we had reservations at 8:00pm, showed up a a few minutes late but was promptly seated. the ambiance was pleasant, well lit but still elegant. the interior was clean, but still retained a cozy modern feel. i was seated promptly and offered water while i waited for the other half of my party to show up. the menu, for what it's worth, is pretty reasonable since its 45 for the 5-course and 55 for the 7 course. i'd get the 7 course because that extra 10 gbp is so worth it! they also have one of the most amazing souffles ever, which i highly, highly recommend getting coming from someone who literally obsesses over souffles!the whole menu was pretty much one hit after the other. even the worst dish in my mind of the whole meal, was the best of that kind of dish i have ever had. granted, i cannot compare this to french laundry or another 3 michelin star restaurant because they simply didn't make the same things, but everything from flavor to presentation was flawless.yes, i said it, flawless.i don't use these words often, so hopefully you will cherish this and realize what a fantastic place this is and make your reservation! this is almost a must visit if you are a foodie and come to london because i really don't see any other parallels and it really is a great representation of modern british food. the only thing is, no foie gras for us californians! darn!amazing, incredible, the bbq deer was off the charts and the risotto was simply divine. the wine pairing made it even more complete, and it was only 40 more which honestly was a really good value when you compare it to many michelin star restaurants whom do wine pairings. this was certainly an excellent choice to end my london stay and i cannot wait until they do receive their michelin star as it is so highly deserved! i was truly so disappointed by my trip here. i was so excited about coming and had made an informed decision about travelling up to come here by checking out my fellow yelpers reviews.i didn't feel welcomed at all on arrival, although one of our waitress's was very nice. i didn't enjoy the atmosphere, it felt stuffy and silent and i generally felt quite uncomfortable for the whole evening.my boy had the tasting menu with wine which he was very pleased with, but i went for the chicken consum which was nice but nothing special. then i went for the beef, which was tough and dry! with cold baked onions around it. not ok. i actually couldn't eat it. the waitress had informed me before that i shouldn't have it rare (which i had initially asked for) because i wouldn't 'get the full flavour'. hmmm. bad cut? bit poor for something that costs 33. at least they removed it from our bill. as i say, my boyf was very pleased with his tasting menu, it was an experience for him and it is good value for money. i wasn't pleased with my overall experience from the food to the ambiance (there wasn't any).won't be back in a hurry! had an awesome meal here for my birthday, my wife booked us a table for 7pm and on arrival there was only one other table occupied. staff welcomed us, taking our coats before leading us to our window side table. smart interior with neatly laid tables certainly impressed, and staff were all very friendly. based on recommendations (here on yelp) we skipped the ala-carte menu and went for the 5 course tasting menu. this really was something special. this included small starters of a chicken consomme, with baked celeriac and chicken oyster, a scallop ceviche with pickled and charred cucumber, followed by a seabass fricassee of shellfish, cucumber sorrel and sea beet. my main was smoken venison served with baked onions, and to finish we were treated to a modern take on black forest gateau, here each layer of the cake was separated into small mouth-sized bites, superb!my only complaint would be towards the end of our meal the staff seemed quite overstretched - as the restaurant was now full. it took a considerable amount of time for us to order coffee and tea ; even longer to ask for the bill, and then finally pay it.while our meal was lovely, my wife later told me she had informed the staff beforehand that it was my birthday, and they had promised her the appearance of a candle lit cupcake. this never materialized, and not wanting to make an issue of it she didn't bring it up... we had after all already had a superb pudding included in our set menu.it was my 30th so the lack of candle lit cupcake and embarrassing singalong was to be honest somewhat of a relief, that being said the request being forgotten was disappointing for my oh. it was the wife's birthday so i fancied taking her out for a treat, a booking at trinity it is then.we both opted for the 6 course tasting menu, the wife also had the wines to accompany each course.....i was driving :(so the meal, started off with some radish & fish roe, then some sour dough with home made butter.onto the tasting menu; vichyssoise of english asparagus & jersey royal, a cold creamy soup that they poured from a pint bottle, served with a potato crisp & cheese. not my thing to be honest too much, too rich, could've just served me a 1/4 pint & neither of us finished it.charred mackerel, oyster mayo, cucumber & shrimp, nice little dish but left me wanting.sear scallop, mussel emulsion, shellfish & monks beard, getting there lovely dish, well executed, monks beard was a first, just tasted like bland greens.smoked beef fillet, carrots & wood sorrel, now this is what i was expecting, yum, smoke not too over powering, well cooked.frozen yoghurt, was delicious served with honeycomb brittle.  chocolate delice, coconut sorbet, almond praline, saved the best till last, not normally a sweet man, but best dish of the night.overall i like the relaxed local restaurant feel to it, the waiters were attentive & knew their stuff & i love the fact that the head chef adam byatt got a round of applause when he popped his head out of the kitchen. but, i was still hungry(maybe because i didn't have the wine), for me the food misses the mark it didn't wow me enough, perhaps it deserves another visit when they change the menu.........until another time. i'd say this is my favourite restaurant in london.i've been a number of times over the years and its consistently incredible. i normally reserve it for special occasions as it can be a bit on the pricy side but worth every penny. the pigs trotters are a must.couldn't recommend trinity highly enough. the food is simply amazing here. pumpkin chestnut soup with curd, dexter beef, halibut, steak tartare with frites and two desserts, chocolate valrhona and vanilla pear sorbet. presentation is very decadent....and the tasting menu is worth every penny. can't say that i have ever had dexter beef before but this was probably my favorite dish....next to the pumpkin chestnut soup, which was cutely served with a mini pumpkin that was filled with curds. tastes were exquisite and in my opinion very unique. very easy on the palate. thanks to my buddy yee for showing me what london can offer in terms of fine cuisine!! although we just missed the chef, i was given a the pre-fix menu that i could take home...and some good ole' shortbread. firstly, many thanks to yee gan o for introducing me and the south london yelp posse to trinity!! i'm very happy to discover such a great restaurant not far from my doorstep!it was a lovely relaxed ambiance with friendly service, and being seated at a round table (generally quite rare in restaurants now, usually conscious of space maximisation), was really nice in providing full opportunity to chat and share the experience with the rest of the party.i particularly enjoyed the fresh radishes as an appetiser and the goats milk butter, both of which were something a bit different from the norm. although it's difficult to choose, i think my favourite courses were the sea bass and the scallop ceviche with pickles and cucumber, which were very light and fresh tasting.all the dishes were beautifully presented, introduced and explained by the staff, and i'm now really looking forward to trying restaurant story, a new venture recently opened by previous chef tom sellers - thanks for the tip trinity! how happy am i that such deliciousness is in technical walking distance from my home? extremely happy. so happy in fact, i'm going to boast about it in this review!trinity promises british cuisine using local and seasonal ingredients and it delivers with great success. any time i'm met with the phrase "british cuisine" my texas fat-gene makes an appearance with great skepticism and snarky remarks about how the brits don't know how to make yummy things, and i'm so happy that trinity proved me wrong!we went for the five course tasting menu. before that loveliness began, we were treated to fresh radishes, fresh bread, and in-house churned goat's milk butter. i have never had goat's milk butter, but i have to say that i am quite the fan. it tastes like butter but with a hint at the very back of goat's cheese. very cool. and don't get me started about that bread as i could have eaten the entire two baskets our table went through all by my lonesome.as the restaurant uses seasonal dishes, the menu always changes, but i was happy with every course. my favorite was the dexter fillet with oxtail reduction. i could have licked the plate it was so good. the meat was so tender i don't think i really even needed a knife to get down with it. dessert was also lovely. i was able to substitute the standard tasting course dessert with one of trinity's lemon souffles, which was heaven. so fluffy and airy yet still substantial. i wasn't able to finish it, but solely because i was so stuffed! that's not to say it didn't get finished... i handed off to one of my cohorts at the table.the service was truly spectacular, and i couldn't have left happier. definitely give this place a shot. as i said to my fellow diners, trinity beat out many of the michelin starred joints i've tried! this restaurant came highly recommended by a number of clapham locals, and for good reason! it reminds me a lot of almeida in islington, a place you would take your parents for a nice dinner, almost with a hotel restaurant type of atmosphere. the tables are spaced a good bit apart, the staff are friendly and attentive, and the food is top notch. my one disappointment is that the 5 course tasting menu for 50 pounds has no choice in it... they have already picked the 5 dishes and you just go along with it. so instead we ordered a la carte, and i got the poached rock oysters and the duck breast. the oysters were beautifully presented, with 3 of them sitting on top of mounds of salt (unfortunately i did not know that the salt was not for consumption, thought it was something else...) i also didn't realize that it was served with squid ink, as at the time i thought the little black balls were caviar. it was all delicious. i tried a bite of my friend's seared tuna, served with a lovely sauce and great vegetables, and would highly recommend that too. the duck was an elegant plate, with small bites of various things but didn't exactly give you very much duck. i liked everything on it (potato and confit terrine, creamed spinach, and what i think was a sweet potato sauce), but didn't understand the apricot granola concept. then for dessert we had the salted caramel chocolate cremosa and the raspberry souffle. the raspberry souffle was quite tart and i didn't particularly enjoy the marshmallow type consistency after a rich dinner, but the chocolate was very nice. all in all, an amazing restaurant experience and cannot wait to come back again. the trotters are a can't miss! i don't think i'm exaggerating when i say it probably ranks as top 3 best appetizers that i've ever had... if you look at my reviews, i've been to some great places but holy shiti also got the stone bass with the stuff courgette flower which was really good (but not as amazing as the trotters). never had a courgette flower before and i have to say it was the best part of the dish. i'd come here again and again just for the trotters. i even told my waiter that. i'm from northern california. dined here with 3 others during a 3-night stay in london. weather was in the high 70's, so the front doors were open to give the feeling of an open-air restaurant. divine. we were able to try 4 of the 5 starters and 4 of the 5 entrees, and they were all excellent (our own version of the tasting menu). top-rate cuisine, but not too stuffy an environment. noise level was low, so easy to have conversations. staff was extremely friendly and helpful. i'd especially recommend the carpaccio of tuna starter and the fillet of sea bass entree (and the sicilian lemon and honey 'mess' dessert). business casual attire is most appropriate, but some diners dressed down. overall, excellent! i want to give trinity 5*, but having gone there many times before their renovation, and it was perfection, we went the other night, first time since it's reopening, and the food was not up to its superb standard. this restaurant should have a michelin star, but won't have a chance unless it improves its menu and its food.  the service was flawless, as always. atmosphere wonderful (not crazy about the oversized ceramic dishes on the wall), but two of my courses were barely edible....they appropriately did not charge for my mains (i didn't have the heart to tell them about my starter). dessert was perfection. i hope they read this and take note. i would if it were my restaurant... on my third visit to trinity i was just as excited as the two prior. this restaurant has an intimate setting and feel. the service is impeccable and the chef is quite creative. for the full experience i would completely recommend the tasting menu with wine. we took a visiting friend there for supper and he was impressed as well. their breads are wonderful to start with butter served the way it should be, room temperature. there's nothing worse than trying to spread cold butter across soft bread. this visit the tasting menu has been inspired by the queen's jubilee including english wines. at first i paused and thought "hmm" and then said what the heck. no offense to the english however fine wines from england aren't exactly renowned around the world. our server brought out some english broad beans as a starter to nibble on... it was like really large edamame and tasted fine. they are beans so you can't really get that excited or have too high of an expectation in my opinion. i was already wrapped up in the tasty bread, butter and elderflower fizz that had been delivered. my friend ordered a manhattan and he couldn't have been happier. it seems that a majority of london bars just haven't grasp the concept of serving a proper cocktail. wigmore fritters was the first course paired with gusboume blanc e blanc from kent. these little cheese balls breaded and served with a sauce were amazing. i was pleasantly surprised by the wine as well.chilled wye valley asparagus soup paired with camel valley estate bacchus from cornwall. this soup was incredible!!! seriously, i had no idea i could enjoy asparagus soup so much. in a home setting i would have asked for another bowl of this delicious goodness. (campbell's soup company in the us has a slogan "mm... mm... good" and this was more like "mm... mm... damn good") amazingly the wine was light and somewhat fizzy like a champagne to complete the smile this course left on my face. the wine with this course was my least favorite of all. it wasn't offensive and paired nicely however just not my particular "cup of tea" as one might say.ham and eggs paired with bolney estate cuvee noir brut from sussex. this was one of the items i was worried about and much to my delight it was an immediate favorite. i'm not a ham eater, ever however i was feeling adventurous. the quail's egg was great and i enjoyed the presentation as well. (see photo posted)caramelized halibut, cucumber, kelp emulsion and cockles paired with skye's hush heath chardonnay from kent. this is my favorite fish and it was delicious. the textures were amazing and the emulsion was divine. rarely do i drink chardonnay, it's that wine that is "too popular" and buttery with... ugh i digress. clearly not a fan however this one was quite nice and suited this pairing like a perfect relationship.milk fed lamb, heritage tomato, crisp smoked sweetbreads, rapeseed oil paired with gusbourne pinot noir from kent. aahh, the second worrisome item for me because i'm not a fan of lamb and repulsed by the idea of sweetbreads. for those who have seen alice in wonderland, i usually make a white queen face (ann hathaway) when the word sweetbread is mentioned. ok the lamb was truly wonderful and tender with great flavor. i did not even attempt the sweetbread and neither did the other two at the table. the pinot noir was really good and quite interesting in flavor and texture. i'm going to look for a bottle of this on my next shopping trip.elderflower float - such a wonderful palate cleanser!!!macerated berries, lemon thyme sabayon, balfour jellies, puff pastry crisp - this indeed was happy ending to the evening. the berries were naturally sweet, lemon and thyme danced across my tongue and the puff pastry was nice and buttery. as a big finish we had a nice bailey's and coffee while relaxing at the table reminiscing about this wonderful meal. when you're looking for a place to have a special dinner this american southern in london says taking your guest(s) here will certainly say "frankly my dear, i do give a damn!" (that's a gone with the wind reference for you movie fans) trinity has been recommended by a client of mine and i have to say it was a beautiful evening with attentive service and really good food. we will be back - thank you. lunchi went there with my colleagues.i had lamb, beet root salad, rum ice cream, costed 27. the service was ok, but it wasn't particularly inspirational or anything unforgettable, though the quality of food was good.the food itself can be more creative? or it's just the way of presenting it isn't unique enough? i was not impressed about the service. just off the rather picturesque polygon square in clapham's gentrified old town, trinity is far enough from the ozzie bars and general high street chicanery to feel a little bit out of london. looking out of the large plate windows at the summer green of the common, watching the yummy mummy brigade pile past in their suvs, you really could have been in any well-heeled provincial town in southern england. inside is the same, the decor is well enough thought out, by someone who's obviously spent a fair amount of time around fine dining restaurants, but it's not a feature. shades of farrow and ball with anonymous arty black and white prints - classy restaurant 101, i'm starting to hope there's a little more imagination behind the pass. the crowd is a well heeled local mix of retirees, professional couples on 'special' dates and what's obviously grandfather's birthday party, nothing arch about that, it's a local restaurant and perfectly sums up the community that live in the grand victorian terraces along the tree-filled local avenues (well, the ones who can afford to eat here anyway). service is very friendly and in the most part efficient, a shared plate of sweet fresh radishes and freshly picked pea pods arrived promptly and were a lovely start to the meal, though we were left waiting for breads and water for a good 10 minutes after that.the tasting menu kicked off trumpeting the finest of british summer, a flavoursome if slightly too cold pea and mint soup 'presented' at the table in an old fashioned milk bottle and poured over lemon pure and ricotta, a knowing smirk at finer dining outfits.the wine pairing for the course emphasised the national theme with a chapel down primrose hill, not my cup of tea (nor glass of wine), but a pleasant enough accompaniment.the gruner veltliner that came with the second course was much more on the money for me, a complex spicy white with notes of white pepper and the perfect foil to a small but perfectly formed disc of seared tuna served with wilted baby pak choi and a tiny salsa of indeterminate but tasty orange colour. accomplished cooking with great ingredients, it was good, bordering on very good but didn't quite hit the heights somehow.my remembrance of the third course is hazy, it could be the wine, a sweet aromatic slap of muscat was heavenly, enough to convert one to a difficult grape. looking at the menu i vaguely remember it as a scallop dish, with a white gazpacho and a fizzy yet funny pickled grape. the solo bivalve was plump and fresh but well, a little bland, in a forgettable gazpacho sea. single scallops need to be make an effort, they've got to draw your attention to them, like a solo guest at a party, and this one was sat in the corner looking at the dvd collection.we ended with the best, for me at any rate, a genuinely sensational duck dish. plump cuts of breast served with an exquisite pastile of dark duck leg. rich, salty and thoroughly tasty, earthy girolles melted into the juice and the whole thing balanced by sweet spinach. it brought the meal alive and really showed what the kitchen was capable of.pudding got the requisite oohs and aahs. thick and sticky valrhona chocolate cream with honeycomb and almond didn't show a great imagination, but delivered perfectly what it set out to do. i had an eye on three huge cloches behind us containing a quantity of rich and oozing cheese, sadly on my own in this, i had to settle for a more sociable coffee.in hindsight, i'm probably being overly critical. i had a wonderful meal, though the quality of the company guaranteed that, with some great wines at a restaurant i'd eat at regularly if it was on the doorstep. there are flashes of brilliance from the kitchen, and the staff are close enough to where they need to be. but only one dish out of five will trouble my best of the year list, and that's just not enough for the price. easy elegance relaxing gently on the edge of clapham common. food that is always a pleasure to eat that plays gently with wild science and a rye sense of humour without ever failing to be a joy to eat. was very much looking forward to our meal at trinity, but ended up being somewhat disappointed unfortunately. it was a promising start - the fresh radishes were lovely, the bread and whipped butter was phenomenal. my starter of scallops was lovely, and main of beef also very good. unfortunately two of our party ordered the fish with gnocchi which was an odd mix of flavours. i shared a crumble for dessert, which oddly enough appeared as a souffl with a berry bottom. the souffl was very good, just not the crumble we thought we'd ordered. overall the food was a bit patchy, particularly given the price of 80 a head. the service was good, the space was lovely, but unfortunately we were left disappointed by the food. recently went here for my significant other's birthday and what can i say? it's a pricey place that's absolutely worth it. when we first arrived i was not too enthusiastic about it because our table was not ready and the hostess really demanded we wait at the bar (i was sick so maybe this was the first time ever i didn't want more than my glass of wine with dinner). soon after though we were seated and the magic began, lovely attentive service from both our waiter and the maitre d, we took the salmon and octupus appetizer respectively and both were delicious (salmon appetizer was really quite big so be warned). we then moved on to the sole and the fillet steak served with steak tartar and triple cooked chips. at 30 for the steak entre, you're probably tempted not to take it and settle for on of the 23-24 entres. don't. not that my sole was nothing short of soft, flavourful and delicious but the steak and steak tartare... these are the things in which michelin stars are given!we were too full for dessert so opted to just get our check but they still gave us each a small big of parting meringues (yum) and since they had bothered to ask why we were there and we told them it was his birthday, they also gave us a takeaway cupcake to enjoy later on. really, top notch service, amazing food, and for us it's a quick skip home so for sure we'll save our pennies to go again! right in the epicentre of clapham old town (in the polygon), eating here nevertheless is a relaxing, indulgent experience - one feels cossetted and pampered, and far from the madding crowds. the decor is tasteful - perhaps a little too tasteful - but the menu is imaginative, the service friendly and efficient, and the cooking superb. the menu changes frequently, but at the moment one of the starter options is grilled cornish mackerel witgh pickled cauliflower, beetroot carpaccio, horseradish blinis and watercress - for pudding i struggled to choose between tarte tatin of quince with creme fraiche and honey sorbet or the panettone bread and butter pudding with dulce de leche ice cream. the bread and butter pudding won - yum! they also have a fabulous sunday lunch menu - 3 courses for 25 for photos see greedydiva.blogspot.com/  having heard great things about trinity, i'm surprised it's taken me so long to grace its tables. but then friend ben, quite the trinity regular (and trusted eating accomplice, having married the woman who arranged another excellent dinner at la petite maison), made a booking for 6 of us one night this week, reserving the 20 prix fix menu (for 3 courses). the time had come. the ragout of smoked haddock, orzo pasta and peas served in a deep bowl was sumptuous, and tpg's summery chilled pea and mint soup was almost as good. my salad of beef rump with bone marrow beignet, sweet celeriac puree, white onion fondant "and meat juices" was as fresh, pleasing and colourful to the eye as it was to the palate. (the mug shots by blackberry do the dish no justice). those who have gripes about food served on black plates might quibble, but would be satisfactorily muted at first bite. the slow cooked belly of middle white pork with hot potato soup, apple and watercress was enjoyed with equal enthusiasm by my fellow diners. only poor tpg, with his rather bland fillet of loch duart salmon, was left gaping jealously at the surrounding dishes. even the dainty, zingy ragout of broad beans and lemon puree didn't save him. i flung him the odd sliver of beef to put him out of his misery. the cox apple tarte fine with liquorice ice cream was another delight in simplicity, even if presentation was a little odd. our affable waiter happily offered to swap the liquorice ice cream to the orange and poppyseed ice cream for those interested - probably a good move since the apple and liquorice sound like they won't match well, and they don't. however, each element was individually lovely. it's a happy circumstance that cheeses are also an option instead of dessert as part of the prix fixe menu (although, sadly, you have to choose 1 of the 3 cheeses on offer). at 20 for 3 courses, the prix fixe option is most certainly a bargain (although - as usual - we ended up spending double once wine and service was factored in). if you want the prix fixe deal, you must reserve it in advance (mon-thurs only). apart from a bit of a wait for menus and waters at the start, service was excellent - helpful, friendly and relaxed. the decor is nothing earth shattering but fairly light and airy - even more so on a warm summer's evening when the windows were thrown open to the outside world. various other menu options are also available. a la carte prices range between 8-12 for entrees and 18-24 for mains (or 30 for the lobster dish). these prices are certainly reasonable for food and service of this quality. an absolute must for local clapham commoners, and well worth a trip for the rest of us.	0	0	1	0	1
 delicious hummus (5), falafel (~6), and pita bread (complimentary with side orders). not crazy expensive given london prices but just a touch overpriced if you think about it (coming from an american standpoint where you'd get a whole falafel wrap with hummus for $6). also had their slow cooked lamb main which came with rice which was okay but not the best so i wouldn't recommend it. they have special lunch wraps which i think are a good deal and they have a card so if you get like 9 or something, you'll get a free one. such a cute little hole in the wall restaurant. this is a great place to stop by for lunch or dinner that doesn't break the bank. we arrived here at 8pm on a monday night and were seated immediately. after ordering, it took quite a while to get our food to the table but it seemed like only 2 people ran the store.a salad and bread are given to everyone as a starter. the salad is refreshing and light, featuring mint and cucumbers and a light balsamic. it's a great way to start off the meal.we ordered a fish, a lamb, and a chicken plate. each came with rice, bread, and pickled vegetables. everything was delicious! the chicken was definitely my favorite. you can tell how freshly made everything is and how good the produce they use is. overall, this is a great option for lunch or dinner if you don't mind waiting longer to get your food. great lebanese restaurant in central london, just a few steps away from the busy oxford street. vast selection of small plates to share with company, delicious lebanese main dishes and decent prices. food was excellent! but the lady in blond was so mean and luck of hospitality. one of the worst experience ever. she just ruined my entire lunch break at this restaurant. another lady in black hair was nice and kind thought. only wish the one with blond hair is not working here, i'd love to come back this restaurant..... disappointed. lots of under 10 options for a light lunch - most actually fall in the under 6 category - so you can splurge and treat yourself to many tastes. for this price point you get a lot of atmosphere. super cute cafe with real decor and nice staff.hubby and i grabbed a mana'eesh lamb which was tasty - 4 slices of bread with a thin spread of lamb on top, covered with slices of red onion, pomegranates and pomegranate molasses. but it was definitely more of snack than a meal. it came with some pita bread which was not that good. we also got some arabica coffee - a turkish style coffee - which was really nice and strong. *** pro tip: though there are menus on the table they have a huge chalkboard wall of take-away wraps. sadly we didn't notice this in time.if you're looking for a place in soho to chill out it's pretty good. there was someone working on their laptop the entire time. great tasting food that won't cost you an arm and a leg. it's not necessarily cheap though either. i'm a fan of the chicken shawarma, hummus, and baba ghannouj. that's enough food for two people to share. i've also gone the route of ordering two mains and sharing a starter. the place is located in a smaller walk way, just off a busy soho street. i've seen deliverroo folks grab food from here, so i assume they do delivery. it sometimes get crowded, so you may have to wait for tables to clear. coming after 1:30, you should have no problem with a lunch crowd. one of the best shawarma joints around. i tried the chicken shawarma which came with rice and also some light salad. this was by far the best shredded chicken i have had because of the sauce they use- unreal taste! cozy place with super friendly staff. i had some of the best middle eastern food i've ever had at this tiny place in soho. the kastaleta (grilled lamb) was fantastic. it was flavorful and tender. the smoky zucchini on the side was the perfect addition. the grilled shrimp, chicken shawarma, and hommos were also excellent. if you're near piccadilly or leicester square this place is worth seeking out. so good! so good! we always look forward to eating in london, especially middle eastern food and yalla yalla delivers. hummus, baba and falafel are divine and i didn't taste the tabbouleh because my daughter ate the whole thing without uttering a word! tiny place with comfort food. huge portions and friendly service. i ordered a shawarma which came as chicken, rice, salad and a piece of bread on top of it. they also served garlic sauce on the side. food was good, a bit modernised for the city i feel. should have come with some arabic pickles and tahina as well. so i went to the restaurant at 9:45 last night - well before it closes at 11pm. when i arrived,i was told the kitchen closed at 10. i was obviously confused since the restaurant closes at 11, but reminded them it was 9:45 still. their response: "the kitchen is closed." not cool. when i travel, i check out lebanese food. the service wasn't the greatest and the good was ok. i expected better. had lunch at yalla yalla yesterday...here are my thoughts.ambiance is where this restaurant loses one star...this place is tiny and very busy. be prepared to have people standing over you as they wait for a table. and be prepared for a blast of icy wind every time the door opens!service is friendly although hurried.food is quite good. i highly recommend the seabass, the fattoush, and the rice. my husband said the chicken shish was dry but had good flavor.overall i'd return. just with a heavier coat. very small venue. welcoming staff, more of a cafe atmoshere than restaurant.the dishes were expensive for the small amounts that they were but this is soho so probably not as much value for money as the outskirts.the dishes were tasty and i loved their fried white bait,calamari and prawns. they had a problem with their grill so couldnt have the mixed grill so chose the lamb shwarma. not thin slices like in a shwarma takeaway but thick pieces that were tasty but salty. i enjoyed their homemade lemonade and pomegranate juice loved this little hole in the wall place. amazing hummus and delicious vegetarian options. small place and not much seating so get there early. a little restaurant in a little side alley. good service and even better food. i had the sawda djej (chicken liver) and the kastaleta (lamb chops) and both were delicious i was very disappointed by the false advertisement the menu offers and what you actually get served, the misconception of the order is absolutely not satisfying to the custemer and what i i payed for and what i ordered, with some of the servers not even understating what your saying, and the manager when i discussed with him the issue, he didn't want to do anything and offered me to order and pay for another one to get what i ordered the first time, this is one of the worst places i feel i got ripped off, my personal advice look for another place that serves better quility food cozy and romantic place in soho, great for a dinner date. very popular as well. went there on a saturday night and it was packed. not too noisy, though. the food is beirut street food, i wish i could have tasted the whole menu. a lot of kafta and shawarma, but also other exciting things. i had a slow cooked lamb stew which name i will never remember. you'll know it when you see the menu. very nice with a tomato/bell pepper sauce. the staff is busy but very friendly. visited this place based on yelp reviews and our group had a very good experience! the reviews and ratings are well deserved! frigging uncomfortable chairs/stools. i popped to yalla yalla for lunch last thursday: the room is extremely small and it's more of take-out place i'd say, even though they managed to squeeze in a handful of tables. ours was right in front of the door, which was for some reason kept open with a stool. we sat down and i had no space whatsoever where to put my coat and handbag (i don't mind leaving my stuff on the floor but...there's no space on the floor. and it being a stool i couldn't hang anything on the back of a chair either). particularly peeved at how uncomfortable it was. that said, the food was really nice. my friend ordered a wrap and i had lamb cutlets with an aubergine and pomegranate sort of salsa. i couldn't spot any aubergine in there, but the lamb was very very nice nonetheless. i could have eaten double that. it was also a bit difficult to get the staff's attention, which is weird considering how small the place is, and our table was nearly in front of the counter where people queue to order/pay. i think one of the tables against the wall would have made for a better experience, but alas we didn't get one. so i'll have to leave it at that. my friends and i found this place as we were heading home after a few drinks. someone had told me about this place before and i really wanted to like it.i do like the decor, and i like that they have some sandwiches on display. but i don't like much else.we made our order and were waiting for it to come out. the sandwich was on display and just needed to be heated. it took a good 15 minutes for them to heat and wrap 4 sandwiches. they also rudely asked us to wait outside as we were crowding them. the staff was generally rude, as when i asked about other items they had, they were rude and told me that what's on display was all they had left. i understand that it was late and might be the end of their work day, but it wouldn't kill them to be nicer.then the sandwich: dry meat, very underwhelming. maybe they are better as table service? i don't know. my first experience with what i would assume was an authentic lebanese kitchen. one of the participant of the soho food fare was lebanese and in her opinion it was right on the money.we had two dishes: baba ghannoujj and soujoc, and they were both brilliant. just brilliant. the smoothness of the baba and the spiciness of the soujoc sausages was perfect.this place is a must-visit in soho is small and intimate - almost secret. and according to the prices on the chart a bargain!i'm coming nexttime i'm in london.===disclaimer; this was a stop on a soho food safari-thing, so the review may seem rather slim but we only had a few items. what a fantastic little place. great for vegetarians it's got a good choice of meat dishes too. just one small room that holds about 20 people. staff a bit hit and miss but most are very helpful if very relaxed. the food is amazing. usual suspects of falafel, hummus, tabbouleh etc. but i especially liked the little lamb parcels with pine nuts and tahini. a lovely romantic little place. love love love - get the hummus with lamb, the chicken wings and any of the wraps. the tabbouleh is also amazing. the only hit and miss from me is the fattoush salad which can have too much sumac and a little wilted but 9 / 10 it's been great. i just love it here and wish i worked closer! nice little spot in soho. we ordered the baba ghannouj and the mixed grill. everything was fresh and really tasty. a little pricey for dinner, but would make a nice date night. prices looked more reasonable for lunch. oh dear. we had a bit of an iffy metal at yalla yalla which is normally freaking fabulous and totally awesome. the hummus shawarma and grilled halloumi were both quite good. but ...the fattoush was salty. like, really really salty. the kofta was good but sat on a very paltry bed of rice. it just looked and felt a bit cheap. the chicken shawarma was not good. the meat was not flavoursome but boring and bland. again, the pieces sat on top of a very thin bed of rice. i'm sure it was just an off day but it's never a good sign when you bring friends after raving about yy, only to get this. hopefully, it was just a one off. i've been to yalla yalla ever since they opened in late 2008. i loved the food from the beginning and i also liked the coziness that this place radiates. my favourites are mixed mezze plates for lunch, their falafels, the chicken shawarma wrap (with garlic & chilli sauces)...and an absolute staple is their apple/mint/ginger lemonade.unlike in the beginning, it is now practically impossible to simply show up at yalla yalla and expect to find a seat. what i've resorted doing is to take said items to go and sit down at the nearby soho square instead.there's one pet-peeve i have with this place: their staff rarely smiles and seems always stressed and overworked...if it weren't for the delicious treats i get here, i wouldn't have the urge to come back here that often. very tasty food! we ordered the lamb shoulder and the sea bass to share and were not disappointed, the flavours were good. however the portions of meat were very small, less then 1 serving of lamb in the first dish and 2 mini fillets of sea bass. service was definitely underwhelming. we were ignored a few times when we requested additional drinks. all in all an okay no frills spot to eat. of all the foods across the globe, lebanese is by far my favourite cuisine. i love the fact that you can order lots of different plates of food which can be shared amongst friends, allowing you to nibble a bit of this and that - and importantly allowing you not to get food envy across the table!i headed down to yalla yalla, located just behind oxford street on monday evening for a catch up with an old work colleague. i arrived a little earlier, and as guests aren't seated until the whole party arrives, sat down to wait for my companion at the bar whilst enjoying a glass of apple, mint and ginger lemonade and taking in my surroundings.the vibe of the restaurant is very noisy and lively, owing to the fact that you sit on long communal tables (think wagamamas/flesh & buns) so it makes it a great place to socialise in big groups. once we were seated, we got ahead with ordering a selection of dishes to share, which arrive as they are cooked rather all at the same time - for this reason i didn't get a snap of some of the dishes as i was too busy scoffing to remember!'tabboule' - my go-to lebanese dish a salad comprised of chopped parsley, mint, spring onion, tomato, olive oil, lemon juice and cracked wheat. a little lacking in in lemon juice- the best tabuloueh, for me, packs a real zing!'halloum meshoue' - chunks of grilled halloumi cheese served with with tomato, black olives, fresh mint dressed in olive oil.hommos - deliciously creamy and very moreish!the chicken rakakat (delicious fragrant fried pastry filled with marinated chicken, garlic and harrisa) were the star of the show and the falafel served with tahini and garlic youghurt sauce were moist and delicious. sadly these were devoured before i got the chance to photograph them - but i can vouch for how delicious they are! all the above, plus two drinks came to 15 each which i think is great value - highly recommend if you're looking for an informal lunch or dinner venue! another place that has been on my list to try for nearly a year! i love lebanese food so when my friend told me to check it out last year i of course noted it down! a friend and i booked at table on a weekday for 6pm - a very small restaurant (a bit cramped feeling) there didn't seem any need to book however by 6.30 it was pretty full! although the main dishes look amazing (particularly interested in trying lamb shawarma - grilled thin slices of marinated lamb, grilled tomato, sumac and parsley onion salad with basmati vermicelli rice & kastaleta - charcoal grilled marinated lamb cutlets with grilled baby aubergine, spring onion and red pepper puree) we opted for the mezze to share so we could try plenty of dishes! we went for 5 dishes; baba ghannouj, ,mince lamb parcels, feta and halloumi parcels, sauteed potatoes and chicken parcels along with a bottle of lebanon white. everything was delicious. impressed with baba ghannouj and the white. i can't remember the cost however not unreasonable but not great value. service was good. i will definitely be back!	0	0	0	0	1
 i visited london last month and our hotel was very close to the tukdin restaurant. i had never tried malaysian food before so it was a first for me. while i cannot remember what i ordered, i can say that it was a lovely meal. wonderful flavors, spicy and it more than exceeded any expectations i had. a small restaurant but intimate; my twin sister and i were seated in the back. everyone was very welcoming, the service was extremely prompt and the food arrived quickly. i ended the meal with a wonderful malty tea and according to my twin, she had the best cup of coffee she had ever had in her life. she asked the server to write down the name of the coffee she loved it so. a wonderful meal and a wonderful evening. this place seems like a different style of malaysian food. they have oxtail soup which i don't come across in other malaysian restaurants. food come quick. - fillet sea bass fish w/ sweet & sour - chinese broccoli, squid & shrimp - noodles which ended up being soupy- watercrest, onion w/ spicy sauce - soy bean w/ grass jelly quite decent food. probably best fried rice outside of malaysia. sublime coconut rice. chicken satay and tea tharik weren't up to the mark but the rest were good. will definitely be a regular here! this place was just ok. friendly service and the veggie dish and coconut rice were ok but not amazing. the rendang curry we had was simply not good and didn't taste like it should. some of the meat cubes were quite tough as if they had been microwaved. clearly it hadn't been cooked in the curry and it was just sauce dumped on top. with so many other options around i'd recommend looking elsewhere but maybe i just came on an off day. hands down the best stir fried noodles ( char kuey teow ) that i've had outside of malaysia for 16 years. i haven't been home for 16 years and i have had my fair share of char kuey teow in different malaysian restaurant in us and uk and tukdin was the best ! we ordered a spicy shrimp with petai ( oh my god , petai aka bitter bean. love it and miss it ) and it came out just the way i remember having it in malaysia. we also managed to order some ox tail soup and it had the same spices that i used to remember. i can't tell what it is but you will smell it when you are almost done with your soup. service was good , our waiter was attentive and prompt. i don't live in london but if i do , this would be my new favorite malaysian restaurant. the one thing i would probably mentioned is that the watercress seems to be a little old and it needed to be cooked just a little longer so that it's a little soft but yet still crispy. other than that everything was perfect.if you would ask me to summarize tukdin , i would say it reminds me of the food that my mom would have cooked for me when i'm home in malaysia. comfort food. simple yet delicious. definitely do give it a try if you are ever in london. we went here on a late night (about 10pm), the restaurant was still with quite a lot of customers. the waiters were friendly and patient waiting for us to order. we didnt wait for long for the food to come, and they served us water without us asking^^. authentic malaysian food. recommended. tasty, authentic malaysian cuisine is just a quick walk from paddington station. strolling in at about 7pm on a saturday night, it was a packed house (though i fortunately found a table to myself). i had my eyes set on one thing: beef rendang. i scored an order and glass a rose syrup drink with lime; service wasn't exactly friendly but the food came out very quick. the rendang may have been cooking a while too long, with the beef much chewier than expected. the flavours, rich in coconut milk, lemongrass, and galangal, were spot on, if a bit oily. a decently priced meal (rendang, rose syrup, and a side of rice came out to a little over 13) and probably worth a return trip if i'm back in the area. a quaint malaysian restaurant near my hotel in london. the food and service were amazing. i ordered the nasi goreng and fish curry, which were both tasty. while it wasn't super authentic likely because the ingredients are different, the flavors were reminiscent of malaysia. fabulous restaurant with great food and staff. i walked in without a reservation, but the staff was so nice to move empty reserved tables around for me to sit alone. the food and price point was good for what you get in london. i got a noodle dish. definitely want to go back for the kari seabass every other table was ordering. i've been here a few times and have tried their mee goreng (a classic malaysian noodle dish). they can make the dish vegetarian which is great and they always check if eggs are okay which is great for vegans. i always find that their food is quite oily. if you get it to go - the bottom of the container is pooling with oil which is unpleasant. the service is quite dour and even if the restaurant is empty there is very little care and attention given to the clients. that's the main reason for my 3-star rating. i ordered an iced tea and was pretty annoyed to see the cashier mixing powdered tea and warm tap water together before serving it with a cube of ice. they charged me 3 pounds for a drink that wasn't even made in house and with little attempt to hide it. it's not a bad restaurant and in a pinch i would still drop by though i wouldn't bother with the drinks and would definitely get the food to go just to avoid the service. good solid well executed food. had the chicken satay and the garlic chicken entree plus coconut rice. both were piping hot, garlic chicken crispy. saw a large steamed fish go by to another table and looked generous and not chintzy like some places. small but well decorated, classy interior. service was a little spotty but eager. this place is like others say, real authentic.the curry puff, nasi lemak and other dishes were packed full of flavour and obviously cooked by malay expats. the small downsides being that the nasi-lemak was a little stingy. only less than 10 peanuts on the plate, 2 slices of cucumber. now malaysian delights is a good example of what a real portion should be like. food also came out quite quickly, given the fact we were the only people in the restaurant and the stoves were probably turned off.this aside, i loved every dish. the staff were extremely friendly and the perfect hosts our group were the last customers before they closed and they asked us before starting to vacuum in case the noise disturbed us.i would most definitely take malaysian friends here if they were feeling a little homesick. lets face it london isn't known it's great food.we had time between flights and this place was close enough to transportation.thats all not much more to say the most delicious food!! everything was cooked to perfection and full of different flavours. staff friendly. recommendation, 100%. go. you won't regret it! quick service, great food, attentive service. i'll defiantly be back. very authentic flavours - defiantly try the coconut rice! second visit here. the first was a few months ago and was blown away by the quality of the food that i had to come back to verify this wasn't a one off. authentic cooking utilizing authentic spices makes you want to eat more than what you can accommodate! i went for the mee goreng with garlic chicken ( both comes separate). the noodles were succulent with a sweet tangy sauce which i could have not have enough off! the garlic chicken was deep fried giving a crispy outside but was moist on the inside with infused garlic. where most deep fried chicken usually tasted like a lump of oil soaked meat, this was not the case.the restaurant was 95% full for most of the time i was there with most of the clientele being of malay/asian origins. perhaps giving testament of a home cooked meal! my partner went for the oxtail soup which although is listed as a starter you can get it as a main meal size portion. the feedback i had was that it was very tasty with a little spice to give it that 'zing'service was polite and professional with the food delivered in an acceptable time. not cheap here but not expensive. if you are driving, then parking will be a challenge during the week. more spaces on weekend after 1:30pm when the restrictions are relaxed.this will be my regular haunt going forward and would definitely recommend. quick glance:+ authentic malay flavours+ reservation accepted+ cozy venue+ friendly staff- no alcoholtukdin offers simple and authentic dishes from malaysia. although presentation may be lacking, the flavours are bold and tasty. the restaurant itself is small and cozy, so reservation is recommended.i came with a group of about 10 and the venue was more than happy to hold the tables for us on a saturday evening. unfortunately, there were some problems with the order and they missed off one of mains we have ordered (it happened to be mine). it was disappointing they didn't bother telling us until i asked about the missing dish, but i can only guess they aren't used to dealing with such a large volume of order for one party at once. a great find for malaysian food junkies. went with my malaysian fiance and 2 friends who spent the past 3 years in singapore. we were thrilled to find good, authentic food. the staff, chefs, and 1/2 the patrons seemed to be malaysian... which was encouraging from the get go. the food was awesome. the sea bass was crispy and flavorable. the randang was quickly devoured. the aubergine was delicious.  while we didn't have alcohol, the entire bill came to less than gbp80. this fed us until we were stuffed and left us with leftovers. nice to have a new casual, yummy, and affordable dining option in london. i went there saturday night with 6 friends for the first time. i booked our table (the restaurant is pretty small).the food was fantastic and traditional, it was a real success and i will definitely come back to try other dishes that's what i love about balmy summer nights in london. it encourages one to get out and walk round our great city. it was on one such random excursion this weekend that i stumbled upon tukdin.it's located just far away enough from the tourist trap centre around paddington station to need to serve good food in order to survive.i discovered from my server, who happened to be the daughter of tukdin that the restaurant was started and is named after her dad. unusually for a malaysian restaurant in london, it's owned and run by malays, which is reflected in the halal sign on the door and a sign stating different opening times during the current month of ramadan when muslims fast during daylight hours.this ownership is translated onto the menu, which leans more towards malay food and of course there's no pork on the menu.it was nice to see traditional drinks like rose syrup and teh tarik on the menu. i however settled on a lychee juice which came with 3 plump lychees in it.i started with curry puffs, 2 parcels of chicken curry wrapped in a lovely light flaky pastry. the crimped edges bring memories of cornish pasty but it's much smaller in size and the pastry is much lighter and flakier.i then set the kitchen a stern test - fried koay teow (broad rice stick noodles). it is my favourite hawker (street) food dish and i've even stated in public that i just may have to marry a girl if i find out she can cook decent fried koay teow. the perfect version is bursting with heady aroma of garlic and the slightly chared edges of the rice sticks and every mouthful is a taste of savoury heaven.i've tried to reproduce this dish at home, using tips as diverse as adding a stock cube to sourcing the freshest koay teow straight from the factory but it doesn't come close to the best versions. perhaps my domestic hob just can't generate the fiery temperatures required to get that proper fried taste into the noodles.i'm glad to report that the fried koay teow was good. not the best in london but it's up there for sure.the only slight disappointment for me was the chicken curry, which lacked the true depth associated with the best chicken curries.there was a healthy number of malaysian accents in the restaurant. i willo certainly dine here again when i'm on the area. this place is fantastic. everything we tried was terrific. lots of flavor without excessive heat. don't miss the mixed vegetable pasembur and the black rice pudding. reasonable prices for this neighborhood, too. good food, superb peanut sauce, ok curry, good price for portions, quite slow service at lunchtime. cute place with a nice atmosphere. i'd go again, but not for a nice night out. the food is ok. do not order the kari puff as the crust is so dry. the service is really slow and not organized with the order system. i am giving them a 2 just because they are malaysian restaurant and all the malaysian ones are about the same in london. the people were complaining about being too busy. if that is the case go to 6 tables and do it well. not sedap! well, it would be criminal if this singaporean turned american turned brit mutt didn't go to a malaysian restaurant 15 minutes walk from his flat. this is why statistics requires you to have a sample size of 15 (for a student - t distribution) or 30 for a normal distribution. 3.5 stars is about as wrong for this place as obama refusing to bow to the queen. been here three times since moving and i have to say, it's the best malaysian food west of old street (only because i've heard sedap is just as good, but who the heck from west london would travel out that way just to eat?!). the only other place that probably is more authentic, but you'll either have to look malaysian or speak malaysian or be accompanied by one, is the malaysia house - i.e. embassy. food here is delicious, authentic and served with just about the nicest people on the planet (faux pas and inappropriate alert: i think they're secretly mormon - j/k!). you have to try the sambal belachan (additional chili-paste on the side). it will scrape paint off the side of a car, but with every possible authentic taste that malaysia could ship over in an aircraft. anyway, anything you order here is good (at least in the case of most of the dishes i've tried), but beware, it does get a little on the pricey side because of it's location. serving sizes are caught somewhere between british and american, which also means a decent meal for how much you pay.i'd also recommend not coming in groups of more than 10 (we did one time), because i don't think their kitchen can really handle it, and some of the food came out tepid - but you can always get them to nuke it back to life. ps for the culturally uneducated and since i have written about alcohol at different joints - this place is run by muslim folk so forget the alcohol at home or pop over to the adjacent bars after if you need it. this was tasty food served with politeness and attention. it was also inexpensive. we were staying a few blocks away at the corus hyde park hotel and it was a pleasant respite from all the pub food we've eating. how many kinds of rose water drinks can you have on a menu? if that's something you have always wondered (i do, daily) you can finally find out at tukdin.tukdin is a small and cozy malaysian restaurant with a robust menu for omnivores, carnivores, and herbivores alike. its presentation is kept simple and authentic, but filled with flavor all the while. i enjoyed the sour pineapple soup so much i contemplated ordering a second. the nasi lemak (which came with crispy fried chicken) was solid, as well as the rose water drinks. prices are reasonable. coming from silicon valley where we have gazillions of great asian restaurants, i thought tukdin was not that special.don't get me wrong, the food was delicious. i was excited to try their rose water drinks. it was peculiar but i liked it. this was my first visit to this restaurant. i stayed in the park grand down the road and went by. the service was very friendly and quick. regarding the food i tried pajree terong with is kind of a vegetarian sweet and a bit hot curry with rice. it tasted fantastic. considering the price of 4,50 pounds for a regular dish and 2 pounds for the rice this was a fantastic dish. i will definitely return to this restaurant. pretty good malaysian food, nice service, not super quick, but we were not in a hurry anyway :-) just try it. quaint and great food if you are burnt out on disgusting pub food and need variety. this isn't thai or chinese it's the real deal!!	1	0	1	0	0
 brilliant menu - i'm vegan but my boyfriend is a real meat eater and even he has been impressed by all of his food each time we go. i've tried six of the main courses now and each one has been perfectly prepared. good prices for the quality as well but be sure to book in advance. especially 7:00-8:00 thursday to saturday. best vegetarian restaurant in london. cool, airy space with great acoustics. menu changes regularly and is very inventive. always go with meat eaters and they love it too, and never complain about having to eat veg here. i was so happy to find this hidden gem - just out of a business meeting in hammersmith, not the liveliest neighborhood of london, and the only place that seemed ok on yelp was this vegan restaurant, hidden above a christian community space (i hesitated to get in, but do. it's awesome). i had the aubergine teriyaki (14), which was amazing with awesome spices. the butternut roll also seemed delicious (yes, i am this kind of person who stares at other people's plates). i also recommend the cheesecake (7) with coconut and other fruits - amazing. they also have some smoothies and non-alcoholic cocktails (~4) which seemed pretty good. the place is very modern and classy, with a scandi inspiration (a bit of wood, a bit of red, lots of white and large windows). only downside: the service is a bit too slow, especially for lunch. if people could overdose on meat, i would probably be dead. i'm a big boy and i need my huge servings with meat. coming to a vegan restaurant was something new for me, but god, was it worth it. they create mind-blowing food combinations that will make you forget what meat tastes like. the gate, more like gate-away to the kitchen hasn't the usual, boring vegan menu.i ate an unreal lunch. the tortillas here have nothing in common with regular tortillas, so if you come here you must order them. also, there is a thing named carciofini and it will make you consider going vegan. to enjoy a meatless meal and feel overfeed -- accomplished. what else? desserts like 'chocolate, griottine and chestnut torte' make me want to cry. i've wanted to visit the gate for a while now and finally got the chance to check it out for lunch today. i reserved a table online and mentioned in the comments my intolerance to gluten and onions. when i arrived, the waitress (who was really wonderful) came over and talked me through the menu and had even written down a list of dishes they could serve me. unfortunately the chefs love onion and it was in almost everything but i did have a fair few options which was great. she also said if i gave 48 hours notice dishes could possibly be prepared onion free if there was something specific i wanted. yay!the food itself was excellent. i had the japanese rolls and sweet potato fries and the other two i was dining with had butternut squash soup - both said it was delicious! the atmosphere was wonderful and the service spot on as well. we couldn't resist the desserts either and between us had a chocolate and lavender tart (absolutely delicious with just a subtle hint of the lavender flavour), a summer pudding (also absolutely delicious) and the pineapple, pear and chilli crumble which was really good though hard to avoid those chilli pieces if you're not a big chilli fan! i'll certainly be going back to the gate and would recommend it to all, even if you're not usually a vegetarian restaurant type of person! this is a nice place to take a date or for a bit of a special occasion or just of you want some really good food.the menu is well pit together and thought out and the only hiccup was the service was a bit slow and we waited for ages for the bill. i love vegetables but this style of cooking is not for me. i had the deep fried courgette flower stuffed with goat's cheese that everyone here seems to love but i more tolerated it than anything else. it was okay and even though it was beautifully created and served, the flavours just didn't seem to taste very special to me. i also had the mushroom risotto cake because i love mushrooms and i love risotto, but i just could not love this dish either. it was beautiful but the sauce was so creamy it made me feel a bit off, and the flavour didn't seem to penetrate to the risotto cake itself, which just tasted of plain old rice. even the mushrooms were not really great. for me, the best vegetables are the ones where you really bring out the flavour of the vegetable itself. this fancy style of cooking where you disguise the flavour of everything with rich sauces and other things just didn't work for me. i'm tempted to go back and try the polenta chips because they sounded good, or the pasta of the day because i love pasta, but it is rather pricy so i don't know if i will.i didn't have any trouble finding it though; i think the sign they have put up outside makes it fairly clear. the courtyard with the church is a charming entry and the restaurant itself is cute if empty when i went at late lunchtime. it was great i finally find some place to get a proper vegetarians food . the restaurant itself is quite small but verywell decored  nice atmosphere for a business lunch.the chocolate lavender tart is my favorite beautiful building!beautiful service!beautiful food!the place we wanted to go for lunch had changed menus, so we wound up going to the gate. this should have been our first choice all along! everything was absolutely wonderful! i had the wellington, which was simply amazing. everybody else was equally pleased with their meals. whether you are a vegetarian or not, make a point to visit the gate. you will not be disappointed. i booked to go to this restaurant with my vegetarian friend and we were looking forward to it after reading the reviews. unfortunately, our experience of the food was not great. i had the saffron ravioli which was not tasty. it was too hard and the sweet flavour of the beetroot was overbearing. my friend had the butternut rotolo which was good. but i would not say that it was worth the price.as for dessert we felt like ice cream and the rosewater flavour was awful! it tasted like bitter medicine with a horrible aftertaste. the apple crumble flavour was nice but the pistachio was not great.they do have fresh juices which is a plus definitely!! overall i would not go again to the restaurant and i do wish it had lived up to my expectations but i guess you don't know unless you try! a great place for vegetarians, vegans and lovers of great food alike. they have a wonderful selection and friendly staff. the highlight of my london trip! i stayed in hammersmith and this restaurant was conveniently located within walking distant. my only regret was not coming back for a second meal! i should've bought the cookbook! they don't ship to the us and i have not been able to find a vegetarian restaurant to match the powerful flavors that these dishes have. :(i had the abergine schnitzel , while my friend had the risotto. both were fantastic! it truly makes me sad that i can't get this here in the states. if you're ever in london, even if you're not a vegetarian, make a stop here and have a meal for me! what a find!gorgeous vegetarian food; i had to stop myself from licking the plate clean. and so happy to see the prices weren't that insane. as a group of four, we all starting nibbling off each others meals as we really couldn't help ourselves. price came to 150 with a bottle of wine, 4 starters, 2 sides, 4 mains and 4 desserts! special mention to the vegetarian tacos as well as the aubergine schnitzel. yum yum. the restaurant decor and ambiance was a lovely surprise; spacious with high beams and a modern comfortable space.issues - we kept returning the bottles brought out as they were advertised as year 2011 but the ones that were brought out were 2012.highly recommended n. if i was a dinosaur, i would definitely be a carnivorous tyrannosauras rex, not a herbivorous diplodocus. so it comes as the highest praise to the gate that i love this vegetarian restaurant and have been back multiple times and even brought friends along here.the restaurant is located just down from the hammersmith apollo, down a quiet street. in fact, from the outside, it doesn't even look like a restaurant as it's located on the grounds of a church. follow the stairs up to a minimally decorated dining room and you're in the hands of expert cooks. not expert vegetarian cooks, expert cooks.i've read somewhere that the best vegetarian food is where the cooks don't try to recreate meat dishes with vegetables. instead, the food which comes out of the kitchen is full of flair, packed with flavour and lets the ingredients stand on their own 2 feet instead of trying to be a poor imitation of meat. i think most items on the menu are fantastic but in the past, i've really enjoyed aubergine schnitzel, truffled risotto cake and pineapple & chilli crumble. i cook a lot and i am amazed at some of the inventiveness that the chefs display with vegetables.diplodoci and tyrannosauri of the world, arise together and head for the gate! you won't be disappointed. tucked away behind a garden wall on queen caroline street, the gate is the best vegetarian restaurant i've been to in town. i took along one steadfast meat eater and by the end, he was converted too. beautifully decorated, chilled and happy with a delicious and vast menu - the gate is a rare vegetarian treat. a restaurant so good the fact that it only serves meat free food shouldn't put anyone off. you get what you pay for, so it's best saved as a pay day treat. personally i prefer a lunch time here as it's not quite got the "date" vibe, but more dinner with friends. delicious food and excellent service. we were slightly late and the kitchen was going to close in a few minutes but they were still very nice and attentive. the butternut rotolo was amazing! some of my recent vegetarian meals in london have consisted of sandwiches from mark & spencer and veggie fish and chips at the pubs. it was nice to finally have genuine food that was made and served by folks who cared about what they put out.for starters, there were other options like leek & trompette tart or orange & pear salad, but decided to go with the warm noodle salad, an asian dish that was good but not sure i would order again.my main was the wild mushroom risotto cake which was quite good. i loved the creamy sauce, and the parmesan went quite well with everything.to round everything off, i ordered the vanilla cheesecake - it was absolutely devine!service was attentive and thoughtful - when i had ordered a red to go with my main dish, not only did the waiter bring me the full glass of red i had requested, he also included a 1/2 glass of white to go with my noodle dish. he explained that the white was a better choice for the starter.vegan or gluten intolerant? no worries, they have you covered here.this place is really worth a visit. this place is a tad difficult to find, even for a local! my brother had gps on his phone, too, and we got lost on the first try. it's located between the college court and the concert hall on a street where students reside. it's located right next to a church or something so you'll be thinking, ''uh, i did not come to confess my sins on gluttony today.'' :) then you go up the stairs and think, ''man, what a hidden gem!'' it's so cute and romantic, good for those college students looking to take that special someone out.*wink wink everything we ordered was perfecto!fresh juice-blend of carrots, ginger, and apple. yum. corgette flower-shaped like a chicken wing, it had all the right flavors and spices. usually, i don't foods that try to look like meat, but this was fun to eat. it is similar to a samosa. wild mushroom rotola-not much to say, i'm crazy about 'shrooms, one of my favorite dishes. aubergine teriyaki-not your typical teriyaki, sweet and sour flavor, which is why i like it! the crispy eggplant along with the noodles make for a tongue drooling texture.pasta of the day-gluten free pasta with spinach and parmesan on top. for gluten free, this pasta was really soft. you wouldn't be able to tell the difference. this was quite simple, but tasty. dessert-rhubarb, pear, & ginger crumble-vegetables in dessert??? yes, please! this was crumbly heaven! whoever can get vegetable servings into every course of the meal is a winner in my book. amen to that! perfect place for lunch oreven breakfast. the service is very great, and the staffs are very kind andattentive. very interesting and fulfilling. this place is really worth thevisit. surely deserved to be highly recommended. this was my first visit to a new pure vegetarian restaurant in some time. i took two vegetarian friends of mine there so as to introduce them to some international veg food.this was one of the rare occasions when i have headed so far west just to eat. gate was a bit difficult to find ... given the extensive roadworks near hammersmith apollo and its location on the first floor of a church building.but once inside, it is quite enjoyable. the dining area has a huge window and skylight with good views to the outside. the menu has a good breadth but is not extensive. the six dishes in the main course section of the menu included two italian, two mexican, one indian and one japanese. there are turkish dishes among the starters. so one can enjoy a variety of cuisines at the gate, but the choice is rather limited.we had the halloumi kibi as starter. it was very good ... the taste was comparable to the best of paneer tikka that i have had.for the main course, two of us had the gnocchi and one tried the indian thali. the gnocchi was cheesy ... as its supposed to be ... and flavourful (is that a word ?). but the quantity was somewhat limited. the smell emanating from the thali (consisting fo rice, aubergines, cauliflower and lentils) was great, but my friend who was having it wasn't too impressed. again ... it seemed as if the amount of food wasn't sufficient.however the desserts were brilliant ... both the ice-cream (this contained egg) and the lemon and meringue tart. this was the highlight of the meal.the gate wasn't very good value for money ... nobody likes it when he/she leaves hungry after paying 25 for a meal (with a drink each).it was a different lunch experience for a meat-lover like me ... but for obvious reasons, i wouldn't be a regular here. but i would recommend it for someone with a different taste. so for reasons i cannot disclose, i am getting very into vegetarian food these days. my irrational mind decrees substituting tofu for chicken tones my abdominals towards greater definition, steering clear of red meat saves an animal life somewhere, somehow. so after an intensive work out session last night, a friend and i arrived a full hour late for this dinner reservation. after a frantic pant up the stairs, they agreed to serve us as we took a nanosecond to decide upon the halloumi kibi. think chargrilled halloumi in a tikka marinade, served on a skewer with red onions, peppers, courgettes, a chickpea salsa and schoog. 5/5, top notch and went some distance to satisfying my rampant appetite for food and other less quotable things! after some light banter with the lovely manager, we moved on to mains. truffled risotto cake, oyster and chestnut mushrooms served on a risotto cake with creamy cep (more commonly known as porcini) sauce on a bed of rocket and parmesan. now actually it was a little crisp in places, which i adored but was perhaps unintentional. meanwhile, the tree motif on the back wall panged my friend with bursts of nostalgia, i'll be feeling nostalgia anticipating my next welcome return. a happy sanctuary in w6, leaving a sweet taste in my mouth. not sure why it says that the restaurant is closed, since it patently isn't. that must have been a very old review. my strict veggie friend recommended this place for after-theatre dinner and i have to say i was blown away by the food even though i am usually strictly not vegetarian. i liked the room too, friendly and smart without being too formal, looks more like a bistro really. have the starter meze for two; it's a great way to try lots of the starters, though for some reason they wouldn't let us have a bigger one for 3 of us. for the mains we had a thai curry, mushroom risotto cake (much more interesting and tasty than it sounds) and a root vegetable bake, all excellent. they have a very good wine list too. very highly recommended. wanted to spend thanksgiving while in london (it's called thursday over there) with one of my oldest bff's who happens to be a vegetarian (i don't hold it against her). we had the meze of appetisers (the tofu something was outstanding), and big g and rosie both had the something risotto. i had the aubergine (eggplant) something, which was outstanding. we had the selection of desserts too - yeah, we like variety! big g said it was the best vegetarian food he's ever had. i tend to agree with him. high praise indeed from a couple of carnivores. we had really high expectations of the gate. the location was a little hard to find considering you don't expect it to be located in what seems to be the upstairs level of a church. we ordered a few drinks and relaxed. when we went it was early in dinner service and hardly anyone was there apart from a questionable couple and their very unhappy baby. my boyfriend ordered the pasta of the day and i ordered a dish i wish i could remember but i hated it so much...that should show you that it wasn't worth ordering. the only thing we really loved was the couscous balls with feta - it was the only shining star of our meal.we will be back to the gate because we feel maybe we ordered the wrong things in trying to be more adventurous. we're both willing go back because these excellent reviews don't lie. but ask for recommendations - your server's suggestions could be key. we really wanted to try dessert (like the eton mess) but had to rush out to meet friends for drinks and were running late. they also sell a cook book which would make a great gift for a vegetarian cook in your family or friends circle. pricey, but you could pick it up on amazon for far less! i was taken here for my birthday lunch on a sunny thursday, and it was wonderful. we sat outside in the beautiful walled garden. you would never know you were seconds from the hammersmith flyover in that garden, it is so lovely and peaceful. the service was great, very attentive, although we were the last lunch sitting so there weren't many other customers. as it was my birthday we had champagne, which was brought out in a great silver standalone ice bucket.the menu changes, but what i had was wonderful, a stuffed, deep fried courgette flower with goat's cheese and sweet potato. even though it was deep friend it wasn't greasy, just deliciously light and crispy. main course was an aubergine teriyaki noodle stir fry, which was great. it;s not cheap, but for a very nice restaurant in lovely surroundings, it's not too expensive either. the garden, the great service and the high quality of the food make the price worth it. after all the rave reviews, perhaps i was expecting too much. i was sorely disappointed by the gate. i want to give it another chance but i'm not sure it's worth the money. there was nothing wrong with the food but it was just average. service was good. how to describe the gate? i can sum it up in two words hidden gem. i can thank the poor weather over the bank holiday and groupon for guiding me here. i am a die hard meat eater but my fianc is a vegitarian. i thought it would be nice for her to be able to go out and order anything on the menu she wants. i usually think the food in vegitarian restaurants is ok but i tend to miss my meat. so we arrived at the gate which is hidden away in the courtyard of a church. i almost thought we were in the wrong place. the resturant was bright and open ( i now know it was an old artist studio) . the decor was crisp and clean. we were attended to by very pleasant staff who were more than willing to help us on our choices. the prices are a little high but not over the top. the food was amazing. i was almost tempted to lick the plate. the presentation of the dishes was wonderful, the taste combinations were mouthwatering and the portion sizes were filling. i am very surprised to be giving a vegitarian resturant 5 stars but i can't fault it. i will be back to try more of the dishes. i was in london for business and the gate came highly recommended to our group by a colleague. there were 10 of us, and we managed to find the restaurant (not being all-to-familiar with hammersmith). the ambiance in the restaurant was intimate yet inviting.the food is simply amazing. so amazing that i forgot that it was all vegetarian (i am a dedicated carnivore and was skeptical that i'd enjoy anything at first). we asked for recommendations since we weren't sure what to order. we started with the plaintains and carciofini, the pasta of the day for the main entree, and creme brulee and toffee pudding for dessert. all were divine.i wish i could have taken some home with me...and will definitely be visiting again the next time i'm in london. oh the gate. where do i begin...is it the fact that every forkful and/or spoonful makes me make that noise *mmmmmmmm* with the slightly pained yet ecstatic look on my face?is it the fact that entering the restaurant feels like i am entering a secret place that i can call 'my spot'. what surprised me about this place is that i did not expect to like it. i was a hardened carnivore. vegetarian to me equated hunger. i loved my meat rare or blue (only). ah the joy of the succulent 'give' of a proper steak...but one day, two years ago, i went in for a spot of lunch and i was hooked. just go! it is worth every penny :-) this is a wonderful vegetarian restaurant and ideal if you prefer the fine dining experience to boho chic. the food we had was delicious and gorgeously presented only spoilt a little when halfway though the kitchen staff decided to turn up the volume on their tinny radio. it is to the credit of the waiting staff that when we mentioned it to them it was promptly dealt with. the dessert didn't disappoint either a lovely evening was had and would defiantly go again.	0	0	1	0	1
 overall: highly recommend if you enjoy udon! casual spot but really high-quality japanese udon. bar only seating so not suitable for big groups. would be good for solo-dining. they have a ton of options for udon it's a bit overwhelming but also great way to get you to come back and try the different flavors. must-get: any of their udons! probably go with the cold udon so it's chewier. although when it's cold outside, it's nice to just have a large bowl of hot udon and soup. i really enjoyed the niku udon. i love their clear soup, it's not too oily like most ramen soup and it's very refreshing. their tempura is also delicious! unlike most tempura outside of japan, their tempura batter is light and crisp. lastly, i was surprised by the atsu age (fried-grilled tofu) - it's simple (just fried tofu in soy sauce) yet you just can't stop eating it for some reason.don't get: gyu-katsu, it's not bad but also not amazing so i would save your tummy space for something else.other tips: go early or late for the meal to avoid the line, we went at 8:30pm and waited for around 20minutes before we got seated. stopped in here for dinner one night. the interior is authentic japanese, dark, cozy, and minimalist with a few tables and open kitchen bar seating. i had the saba/mackerel udon with poached egg added - outstanding! my wife ordered the curry udon and loved it. it was super thick with pudding-like consistency more like a real curry itself and not just curry-spiced normal udon broth. they make the udon noodles in-house, and you can tell. the flavor and texture was better than shin, the top-rated udon place in tokyo.we did some tempura as well, which was outrageously good. this was easily the best shrimp tempura i've ever had even having traveled recently to japan. we had quick, friendly service throughout the evening. overall, this was the best meal we had in the uk and made my list of favorite restaurants ever visited from around the world. intro: i just landed into london, dropped off my bags at my hotel and headed out for lunch solo. my friend told me about koya and since i love udon i had to try it. it was later in the afternoon so i was lucky to get a seat right away.food: i ordered the buta udon which was simple, had amazing flavor and was perfect.i also ordered a ride of wings which were ok. next time i'm going to try the pork belly.drinks: i ordered the homemade lemonade which was delicious. very mild, not tart at all with a hint of honey.price: 24.05service: very friendlyambiance: its very cozy with just a long bar with the chefs cooking. probably seats about 20 people. would i go back? yes! i love noodles and i want to try all of the udons on the menu! small japanese place with mostly udon menu and some on the rice or other small dishes. my friend had the udon but the portion didn't seem as big compared to other common noodle places you'd see. i had the gyudon and again, smaller portions than other restaurants, but it was still great! kedgeree with a side order of umeboshi and japanese hot tea! what a hearty breakfast! their udons were amazing here. it's perfect to go in on a rainy/cold day and just sit and order a bowl of hot udon. i ordered the tempura udon and it was quite refreshing. it's a small place inside and bar seating only, but worth the wait if they're busy. udon here is top notch! i'd advise getting the tamago (poached egg) to add to your noodles. it definitely elevates the dish. i was here for business for about 2 weeks and came back here twice in that time! it's perfect for those cold london days. this is a nice place to enjoy some light food. cold or hot udon in a hot brooth with different japanese sides. my favourite is the cold udon with any tempura on the side. the udon is chewy and favourable. i also had a chance to try their beef don. compared to what i had in toronto, this place served a lighter version of beef don, in which doesn't give you a heavy kinda aftertaste. i will definitely go back once again before i left london. really good udon bar!the food is simple and tasty.im more a ramen person but udob here is gooood and comes in all types.i went for the pork and miso hot udon and hot broth with and a extra of poached egg.it was a bit sweet but i loved that the poached egg came in shell and i had to crack it in the bowl is quircky and fun.would defo come back to try other dishes! i am spoiled for asian food because i live in vancouver. koya definitely hit the spot for authentic japanese udon while on holidays. i had the kitsune udon in soup. the broth is clean tasting. the udon had the perfect bounce. the only thing is what should be the sweet soy tofu skin was more like a sweet soy marinated tofu so it wasn't truly authentic. alas, quite pricey for what it is but i am still happy to pay up for some delicious udon. awesome udon and sake, very authentic and yet casual ambience -an all-around great place for delicious japanese food in london! ~ waited about 20m at 8pm on a wednesday+ kakuni was fantastic, melt-in-your-mouth pork+ udon was very simple, but very good. broth had good flavor, noodles had perfect texture~ i'd come back to try the rotating specials really enjoyed this place. i haven't had udon in a while and this was better than i remembered.i got a classic - cold udon noodles with miso and pork broth - really tasty broth with chunks of pork mince and a faint taste of sherry? some sort of booze but it tastes divine. while i was waiting i also had a miso soup (was very hungover and needed all of the liquids). when you sit down at the bar you get a 1/2 litre bottle of water which is always a nice touch.besides the broth, which was really excellent, i was surprised with the tofu in my miso, i always think meh when i think tofu and this was very good.as for queues and timing, i went at 6.30 and there were 4 people ahead of me in the queue. by the time i left there were at least 20, so i guess it pays off to come early or at a weird dining time. enjoy! we rolled in on a tuesday evening at 6:30 to a line outside the restaurant. it moved through quickly and menus were read as we waited (clearly they're on a mission to feed the masses!) we were ushered to the bar and squeezed in on low stools - it was a bit cramped but it's all part of the charm. tonnes of vegetarian options on the menu and it's fun to watch the flurry of activity in the kitchen. the udon noodles were heavenly and the vegetable tempura was right there in the clouds too. would strongly recommend! go in feeling patient and willing to squeeze at small tables for amazing food. this time i came food was probably more like a 4.25 but i'm gonna round up to a 5 for old times sake.just gotta love koya! always trusty, it never disappoints. udon is always great. i like kitsune atsu atsu just because it's classic and you can always count on it being delicious. my boyfriend had the miso pork hiya atsu and that was realllly great too. prawn tempura was on point. came with a good smattering of extra tempura crunch i could just scatter all over my udon. you can tell i was very pleased! i did wish they had a better selection of small plates/ daily specials though, but probably just bad luck on the day i went. last time i was here they had amazing chicken karaage, so get that if you see it on the specials! koya is a small, authentic japanese noodle bar specialising in all sorts of udon. seating is around a long bar table facing the cooking area which can give you a nice glimpse of the chef preparing your dish. my friend and i both got the buta miso (his favourite) which is hot udon with pork and miso as well as a couple of sharing plates. the udon noodles itself is thick and with a lovely texture, and the hot broth held a lot of flavour. the pork is sweet which was surprising but worked well overall with the dish. bear in mind, an udon dish is quite simple! it's quite literally thick, flat noodles plopped into a bowl of broth and a spoon of topping dumped over it but the magic is in the depth of flavour that contains. the only turn off was the price. the udon itself is alright - a bowl costs around 10 - but the small plates tend to be quite pricey. a plate of a few pieces of vegetable tempura and 2 pieces of prawn cost a whopping 12. definitely not good value. not entirely sure if i will revisit. there are other more affordable japanese joints in this city which might take precedence. koya bar is a small japanese restaurant which doesn't have tables, instead it has a long bar. the food is good and the interior is good too, you get to see the chefs cooking whilst you're waiting for your bowl of yummy soup or rice.i went for a donburi dish, which was good! the taste was good and it was filling enough. you can see from my photo that the dish looks tasty, and it was! my friend had a bowl of udon which he thought was very good. to conclude.. this restaurant isn't just good for udon, it's good for donburi too! i'm just giving 3/5 because i wasn't mind-blown, and the restaurant's music playing was simply radio 1, which was too loud and lost the authentic japanese experience.i will go back to eat more! arrived around 7:45pm on a tuesday, and about 5 groups ahead of us. line moved slow, contrary to what other reviews noted. it's a small place, seating consists of just a long bar around the kitchen space. we ordered the prawn and vegetable tempura to start, which was perfect. the batter was light and crispy. the prawns were ginormous and meaty, definitely the largest prawns i've ever seen in a tempura platter. we ordered the ktisune udon and the pork miso udon (both hot), perfect for a cold winter evening. the broths were simple, light, and very tasty. the noodles were cooked perfectly and slurped down quite quickly.while the food was tasty, i had to minus one star for the service. the wait staff was extremely friendly, but so slow. it took us a good 15 minutes after being seated for someone to take our order. granted there were only 2 waiters for the small place, and just two cooks. as many people do, the husband and i heavily rely on reviews. we decided to wing it this morning. we decided that after a long month and a half we needed some asian food. we walked past and decided to give a japanese breakfast a try. the food isn't horrible, but the food is not worth the price. i understand that it is soho, but then i expect something with flavors that wow. i was not quite sure whether to be pleased or to be disappointed about the time that we needed to wait for the food to be prepared. there were three other people in the restaurant.we ordered the curry udon and the japanese breakfast. i had different expectations for $34 breakfast without alcohol. for example to actually feel comfortably full or to get bouncy/chewy udon noodle. the curry was not bad but the udon noodles were a bit overdone. maybe the lunch and evening menu are a better bang for your buck/pound. i know these days ramen is all the hype. i don't care. i am an udon girl through and through!having just come back from japan, based on a direct comparison, koya bar's specialized udon really holds its own against indigenous udon from the land of the rising sun.i'll state koya's single downside first. the wait can be long because they don't take reservations, and this joint is ridiculously popular. however, if you're coming with a small party (under 3 people), you will be seated much more quickly. in any case, they manage the line very well, making sure nobody cuts and everyone is accommodated in a fair order, so no complaints really.now, the food. they have a diverse selection of different broths, each complex and unique in its flavor. gingery, meaty, bright, koya's broths are excellent.the texture of the udon too was amazing. each noodle strand was formulated and cooked to perfection. if you had tempura, it was crispy and hot, but started getting that delicious melty texture when immersed in the broth.i recommend always getting some of the fresh specials on their seasonal menu. everything is carefully curated, and there's something at koya for everyone! carnivores, vegans (but why.), locals, foreigners, etc.i can't write anymore because i'll start drooling, but if you're visiting and don't know what to eat, this is a fantastic option. if you're a london local, shame on you if you haven't visited here yet.i have spoken. koya bar is a beautiful little eatery containing an open kitchen and walled off by a bar with high stools for seating on the other side so customers can watch food being prepared. it is a good representation of what one is usually like in japan with it's wooden decor and small seating space. as well as serving udon they are only a few places in london that serves traditional japanese breakfast every day of the week opening as early as 8:30am to accommodate that. they also have a special menu that changes regularly including grilled fish of the day and serve a variety of traditional dishes for lunch and dinner as well the problem is that not all of the staff are friendly. some can be quite stern, short and abrupt, giving service without a smile. kedgeree this was a creative fusion of the original dish and using short grain rice and a lot of water content to create it instead. it was more like chinese congee texture. sadly flavours didn't realyl deliver, lacking depth and umami. the chunks of cured haddock were quite a nice addition adding saltiness although quite dense in texture, losing too much of it's moisture from the curing process. curry flavour was mild but a nice touch of bonito flakes on the side for a burst of flavour. a poached egg to add that creaminess in replacement of butter and cream like the original kedgeree recipe. it was a creative dish but the broth base needs to be stronger, to add depth and flavourcurry udon this was very satisfying. probably not a breakfast dish itself but i love it. the udon were thick, bouncy and a nice long length which made it great for slurping. the curry itself was fragrant, rich and thick, attaching itself to every strand of udon. it was mild in spice which allowed big warm soothing mouthfuls to capture all the lovely flavour. the few broccoli florets it came with was nicely grilled and soft, giving a nice sweet smokiness to the curry udon. japanese breakfast is was very like how they serve it traditionally in japan although a more formal breakfast nowadays. a bit disappointed with the pickles being the generic pickled beetroot rather than daikon or turnips. as much as i love beetroot i do hope to experience more traditional vegetables that you would receive in japan. the grilled fish of the day that came with the set was brill which was cured nicely, flakey and meaty. went well with a simple bowl of rice and a lovely freshly made miso soup with deep fried silken tofu and carrot for a nice subtle sweetness.i did very much enjoy my experience at koya bar although i felt many improvements could have been made as well. staff need to be more hospitable as it was the reason why my partner rated this place a two. kedgeree needed more depth and the cured fish inside could have been more softer. the menu is full of creativity but then it leads me to question why they use ready made pickled beetroot rather than pickling their own. still, going to koya bar evolved some nostalgic memories of days in japan, wanting a quick and easy bowl of udon. hidden away at the heart of soho is a little piece of japan. with its simple design, it's not much of a looker and you might have passed it hundreds of times without even realising. but behind koya's traditional curtain is one of london's most authentic japanese restaurants. no sushi here though; koya focuses on home-style food, especially udon noodles, of which they offer dozens of variations. all made in-house and absolutely delicious!the atmosphere is unlike anything i'd ever experienced in any other london restaurant before. it's just so quiet and pieceful. no doubt you'll leave very full and extremely relaxed! hands down, the best meal we had in london. we each had a bowl of udon, mine with sweet tofu, my husband's i don't really remember because i was so into mine :) but he loved it too haha. anyway, sweet tofu udon was on point. sweet tofu was one whole slab of tofu and udon was cooked perfectly. the bowl was a lot bigger than it looked, so i ate slowly and ended up having overcooked udon by the end. we had some delicious udon in honolulu, which was rated one of the best in the states, but koya bar definitely has them beat :) then we shared a pork belly. and it was amazingg. usually the fat in pork belly makes me feel so guilty that i cannot enjoy it, but this was the most tender, melt in your mouth meat that the fat was the perfect compliment. it came with this generous serving of fresh wasabi, that was just as impressive as the rest of the meal. i cannot recommend koya bar enough. long lines during prime dinner times, but so worth the wait. koya bar, frith street - koya bar is a proper japanese noodle bar. in the night of soho lights, it sits humbly among the other eateries with their attractive and catchy signs. a black shop front with large glass window and a one door entrance, it would have been easier to keep an eye out for their logo. did it attract any less customers? no, in fact, queues can build up easily as seating are limited. koya bar does not take reservations and you will only be seated when all of your companions have arrived.fish and chips 9.10 - served as a starter, small plate, sharing style it is the koya's take on english fish and chips. brilliant! i suspect that the chips were from a sweet vegetable like plantain or sweet potato. it was feather light like the batter on the fish. no vinegar or tomato sauce but served with their dipping sauce of radish and spring onions, it was so delicious that we didn't stop eating until the plate was empty. kamonabe (duck and vegetable hot pot) 14.30 - from a spectator's view, i thought that they were a little mean on the duck and vegetable. my dining companion confirmed that it had the proper proportion of udon to filling to broth. it was good but the broth was a little on the oily side.hiya-hiya zaru udon tenzaru (cold udon with cold sauce to dip with prawn and vegetable tempura) 13.90 - after the fish and chips, i was glad that i chose the tempura to go with my noodles. it was delightfully crispy and each bite into the batter was so satisfying. the kind of batter that possibly every ocd foodie/chef is trying to create at home. i give up, and will just dine here from now on. the assortment of vegetables were all but one slightly undercooked.with koya bar, it was more than just the food. the place exudes the japanese culture of eating and looking around the place for a moment, i could be fooled that we were in japan. koya bar was full and most had their heads down totally engrossed in their bowls of udon, i was quite amazed that a steaming hot broth noodles was favoured equally well in the west as in asia. i thought it was only the kind of dish only understood by the asians. seating by the bar might not be suitable on certain occasions - like if you have a crowd of friends or have sharing dishes - but on second thoughts, sitting opposite someone who slurps their noodles is not particularly inviting. i still have to work my way through the menu - udon noodles being the main which comes with different toppings, rice in donburi style and various small plates to choose from. not to mention that there are specials from time to time. what seemed like a small portion of noodles turned out to be quite filling and with a small plate to share between the two of us, i was full. a good place for simple yet flavoursome food. no desserts served and i did find myself wanting one.koya bar exudes a casualness with personality and integrity. it is not the kind of glamorous place with awkward formalities, numerous cutlery, hostile service and an expensive menu that makes you think twice but if i were taken on a date here, i am glad to walk away with the date that knows and has good taste!will i be back for more? you can certainly count on it! this was the only restaurant i repeated during my last trip to london, and it was absolutely worth it. my boyfriend and i started with the kakuni, which was mouthwateringly tender, juicy, and fatty (just the right amount!). i've daydreamed about this dish so much. i chose the udon special that night, which had fried garlic ramps and onsen tamago--delicious! the broth was well-balanced and not overly salty, and the noodles were perfectly cooked. i'll definitely be coming back on my next trip.service was also prompt and friendly! the second time i came, their credit card machine wasn't working because of network issues, but they were very patient and accommodating. luckily, i brought cash! the food was super underwhelming. noodles were under cooked and service was rushed. would not recommend this place at all. i was excited to try this place but the broth just did not taste good at all... for a ramen place that was very disappointing and just not worth the pricey food. not worth the hype. stopped in for quick lunch before heading to the harry potter play. unfortunately breakfast was over and they only had a lunch menu available. i had the mushroom/miso/walnut cold udon in hot broth and my husband got the pork hot udon. the soup was clean, simple, uncomplicated and delicious. i don't understand the whole hot udon/hot broth vs. cold udon/hot broth since i ultimately dumped all my cold udon into the hot broth, but overall two thumbs up.  it's a very small space so plan to come early or wait. very frustrating experience. we came and were told to sit outside. apparently we should have lined up and 15 people went ahead of us. when i told the hostess she did not honor that we had been there longer than anyone and was not apologetic. i love udon, chefs love this place, so was i going to love this place? hmmm unfortunately i tried koya bar for breakfast a few months after returning from japan so it had some tough competition. the udon noodles are good, with a nice bounce and bite. they should be given the effort koya takes in creating them! the soup though was lacking, overly delicate. at these prices for a bowl of udon it needs to be great. for around 1/4 of koya bar's prices in the reputedly expensive country of japan you can get much better with flavoursome and rich soup packed with meat, fish, sweet and salty flavours.even without considering price comparisons koya didn't knock my socks off and i love udon. so maybe i'm just not a chef.	0	0	0	0	0
 really good find in theater district. good service and fantastic food. we had a veggie plate and a chicken. the starter w hummus. all delicious hands down, the best persian food you'll find in london! take it from a someone who will not give 5 stars unless it's truly deserved in realm of persian food. yes, is a bit pricey and portions are slightly smaller than expected. but, you're getting the most flavorful, soft, moist, colorful persian dish in all of london. definitely worth it. the rice, which is a miss by many restaurants, was appropriately lengthened, soft, buttery and cooked. the meat was made to perfection. definitely order the sultani (both koobideh and barg) with 3 different rice options if it's your first time as it is the most classic dish to get all tastes in one, and don't forget a refreshing doogh (the house yogurt drink) and sabzi/raw onions on the side. and did i mention how wonderful and authentic the atmosphere is? truly delightful to hear real persian music as you dine. highly, highly recommended!! so again in london & went back to this place :)the ambiance & interior is really good, it's a great location in covent garden & my company loved the food. as for me, i thought it was average good but i liked how they presented the food on plate also. after waiting for 20 minutes to get into dishoom, we decided to check out a random persian restaurant around the area and found simurgh. we ordered the sini platter to begin with. at 14.95, it felt a bit expensive because the portion was too less.for main course, we got the joojeh (14.95 - with exotic rice) and koobideh (13.95). both were cooked to perfection and hit the right spot.service was quick and good. i'm from nyc and i have extremely high standards. best meal i had the entire week here in england. thank you! this was our first time eating iranian food and it was amazing. the decor is very persian and so is the background music. the mains are either grilled kabobs or stews. and all come with a side salad and three styles of rice. the lamb kabobs were really flavourful and moist and the stew was nice and bitter with great spice. the dressing in the salad was so delicious. it was yoghurt based with lemon. the three rices were light and fluffy and wonderful as well. one was dill, the other was saffron and the third was pomegranate. if you're in the area or seeing a play, this is a great place to have a bite before the show. the food is tasty and you get a flavor of persian cuisine. the combination of the various spices is mild . the services is perfect i've never had persian food before, so simurgh was literally the my first ever experience trying this type of cuisine and i must admit that i really enjoyed it! they have great service here which is always a plus. coming to the food, the falafels are crunchy which is just the way i like it. we ordered some grilled vegetables with persian rice. if i know anything about persian food (mostly from having a friend from iran), it's that they take real pride in the rice they make and i could truly see that in the meal. if you're looking to try something different, this is a great place to start. oh and don't forget to get those refreshing mint teas with your meal. they're great! this place is ok but not great and definitely not almost 5 out of 5 stars. i had the duck with pomegranate and the smoked eggplant dip. the dip was ok, although it doesn't come with anything to eat with it and it was missing the mint component. the primary flavor is smoke. i was not fond of the duck and wouldn't recommend it as it was tough and to the point of being difficult to cut. i have had significantly better persian food in las vegas for way less money. at 32.65 pounds for 1 diner, no alcohol, i'd classify this restaurant as expensive. dimoosh down the street was super crowded so we ended up here. we did the prix fixed menu and it was awesome. the meat was so tender and moist, and we loved trying three different kinds of exotic rice. amazing kabob, great music and atmosphere. he was so nice! highly recommend the kobbideh. best persian kabobs! the starter platter with the aubergine, meatballs, etc. had lots of complex flavors and sauces. food was delicious! will definitely return and ensure to have the tea at the end! great location, i ran into this place while walking around covent garden. i noticed the traditional persian decor & walked in. the beef/chicken sultani came with 3 sides of diff rice & salad, which is rare is persian places b/c you can only get one type of rice. the kabobs were juicy & great service i'm from the states and i've eaten at hundreds of persian restaurants in my life. this place is exceptional not only in quality but in service. make sure to try the chenjeh kabob as it is one of the juiciest kabobs you can eat anywhere. i definitely recommend this place. there has to be better persian food in london....never seen kabobs served in some sort of tomato sauce... very weird. excellent food and very friendly and helpful staff. it was my family and i's first time trying persian food and i would highly recommend this place again. it took about 15-20 minutes to wait for 4 dishes, which we decided on with the help of the staff. good place for family and friends gathering. persian resturant with excellent atmosphere not so loud, food and service are very good. we ordered the mix grill, which came in time but some of rice dishes were cold. if you are a couple. this is a good place to enjoy some fine affordable meal before continuing your night out. the bred is freshly baked in the resturant and their faloda and saffron ice cream are amazing!! first time iranian/persian diner. long time lebanese, syrian, greek foodie. simply put - incredible. the fresh lawash was fantastic. koobideh excellent. we ordered ghormeh sabzi and makhsoos kabob. ghormeh sabzi was tasty but not fresh but kabob was pretty good. the service was pretty good excellent food and service-do not try any other persian restaurant i'fyou are visiting london. try the saltanati or the chendeh kabob. hi and welcome to my first post.i thought i knew what to expect from this restaurant, as soon as my mum said persian, i thought middle eastern, which i've had many times- this was something different and special. the staff were really friendly and hospitable and although we had booked a table for 8 on a saturday night we were late by 30 minutes. yet they still managed to seat and take orders within 10 minutes of waiting at the door to opening that menu (was busy).what i really liked was the ambiance of the inside. it's not 'trying too hard', but really tries to project the old iranian/persian dynasty. the menu was not over complicated and the food came quickly.4 dishes- 2x rice and lamb (lamb and herb is worth a try) and two duck dishes. excellent food, tasty, different, great portions and will be going again!if you're hungry like we were, starters won't satisfy but they were really tasty; felafel/meatballs/bread/chicken. the place all in all is great but quite small so booking is really advised. this is not like the cafes on edgware road- hence earlier i said special... i was probably looking for the word 'unique'.great experience! thanks! :) p.s be prepared for belly dancing.please check out pictures! nice little restaurant in covent garden. very niche persian decor and friendly service. the food is particular, i had a mixture of starters with some sauces that were very good and a king prawn and rice main dish that was also quite nice. and it is cheap! i have quite high standards for persian food having had so much home cooked persian food in my life, so when we were in covent garden with other culinary persianophiles, i was a bit sceptical, just because londoners hate covent garden and the touristy things. i need not have been sceptical at all.the staff were very friendly and warm - as iranians are - but the food was extraordinary persian food - even by my standards. i enjoyed the most succulent and delicious koobideh kebab in my life. the three different kinds of rice served was a great touch as well.i need not say more than: i wholeheartedly recommend this fine oasis of delicious hospitality in amidst the chaos of covent garden. when my friends asked me to recommend a chicken dish, i looked at the menu and started listing them all. i have tried all of them, and they are all delicious. in fact, i never liked duck (and still don't) except for the duck with pomegranate - the sauce is so smooth, so rich!all the dishes come with three types of rice and a small green salad. there's really no need to order appetizers... i mean, unless you just want more delicious. the lavash, however, is not served warm and is always too small an amount for the quantity of dip and must be purchased separately. their cocktail menu - while small - suits the food very nicely. be sure to finish your meal with the lazy pumpkin, a cold desert comprised of pumpkin puree, cinnamon, coconut, and condensed milk, which is probably the best combination i can think of for a desert.some nights they have a bellydancer, which is a bit awkward, but don't let her distract you from the flavors! persian food is my favorite cuisine, and you won't be let down here. the owners are very concerned with the quality of their food and checked on us a number of times. for weekends, be sure to make a reservation as it's often full. when i come to london i always come back to this amazing restaurant. food is fresh and tasty. my favourite are duck and pomegranate and the gulf tigers. restaurant is very close to covent garden. the decor is nice. the lamb shank was tender with nice deep flavors. excellent food! we had the chicken kabab (joojeh) and the lamb kabab( barg) as well as eggplant and lavash bread appetizer. mohsen took great care of us! the best persian food we have had including the great persian restaurants of california and new york. highly recommend this place! just dined there with my family, including 3 kids (tweens/teens). great food and food service. we had the chenjeh, barg, duck granate, gulf tiger, and lamb shank - all the grilled meat was very well prepared, medium, tender, very well seasoned. lamb shank was falling off the bone. my younger kids are picky about "spicy" food but they loved it. saw favorable reviews on yelp and they did not disappoint. dessert was ok (pears and baklava), but the main dishes and appetizers were well worth the trip. wonderful. the best food i had in my two week southeast england trip. far, far better than any of the other meals i had in the tourist trap covent garden area. also, the best iranian food i've had anywhere. both the lamb dishes we had (lamb and lime, lamb with herbs) were unlike anything i've every eaten, but completely delicious. everything seemed really fresh, and all the meals came with a very nice salad.the persian decor was beautiful and the service was very good. in addition to an excellent meal, the prices were very reasonable by the standards of the neighborhood (12-14 pounds for a main course) and portions were generous. highly recommended if you're in the area, and arguably worth the trip even if you're not.	1	0	1	0	0
 was going to a production of shakespeare's twelfth night at the globe. was looking for somewhere to escape the rain and find a bite to eat before the show. tas pide is right across the street. they have bright outdoor seating if you are lucky to have nice weather. inside is a little dark and cozy. tables and chairs are lower to then usual and close together. i went for a turkish pide with feta, leek and tomato. it was kind of like a light, healthier pizza. it was nice, i agree with if other reviews that it lacks flavour. service was efficient. loved the live music. nice spot for dinner on the south side of the thames next to the globe theatre. i guess "pides" is a popular turkish dish. i never had it before but it was lovely, flavourfu and prepared by wood fire. a gentleman was playing traditional turkish music on a lute/sitar like instrument. toilets were impressive with stone and nice floor tiles. you don't see such attention to bathroom detail in the states usually.  the chairs were a bit on the lowside. it was a bit of a challenge getting up. watch out for 12.5% service charge on the bill. they don't exactly point it out to you but that might be custom in these unfamiliar parts. yum! i have never had pide before, and now i have no idea why! this place was delicious. the staff was all so friendly and helpful. i stopped by before our show of twelfth night at the globe, and i am so glad we did! their lunch special is very good. the portions were perfect. my personal favorite was the pistachio pastry dessert! yum! not too sweet and so nutty and delicious! i also ordered the vegetable stew. it was not my favorite. it was a bit bland. i should have ordered the pide for myself instead of trying my family's. oh well. other than that, i loved everything here. i loved the vines that were growing and hanging from the ceiling. after searching everywhere in the area for food around 10pm on a tuesday evening, we were finally seated as tas pide by a very kind and enthusiastic host.upon entering the warm and cozy dining area, we were quickly provided menus and bread/dips to start. since the restaurant was known for its pides, we both ordered the set menu of a pide and a soup. the lentil soup was very delicious and the pide was light but filling. neither of us could finish our pides (one was the ground lamb with an egg on top and the other was the leek with cheese) and took them to go. throughout the night, service was excellent, and the overall bill for two set menus and two glasses of wine was 40 pounds which was fine given the crazy prices in the city.we would definitely come back if not for anything but the warm and kind service we received. i don't know much about turkish food apart from the well known kebab and the influence they left in greece so i was delighted when gemma m. proposed we'd have dinner at tas pide before our gobsmacked event with yelp.first of all, i was stricken by the ornamentation of the place. a lot of green plants adorning the walls and windowsills. the furniture was carefully chosen and placed across the big space occupied by the restaurant. they also have a little terrace ornamented with flowers and more plants for the summer days.we came quite early so we almost had the place to ourselves and service, if not warm, was quite swift. our waitress seemed a little impatient when we seemed to take our time to carefully read all the menu (which is quite large) but oh well, it was a good day and i decided not to mind. upon arrival, we were served warm homemade (i guess) bread with olives and a creamy dip. it was a good start worth mentioning because both the bread and the dip tasted amazing. i didn't try the olives. for drinks they offer a big enough selection of wines and i had a nice chenin blanc (white wine). for food i decided on the 12 something menu which allows a starter and a pide, their specialty i guess? it's ab eyed shaped dough bowl filled with whatever you chose.  the hummus was the best i've had in a while. i'm a very big fan of hummus and i was very happy. it was also served in a generous quantity. then i had the minced lamb pide. it was good, the bread was warm and homemade in their traditional pit oven, and i do appreciate when a dish is appropriately seasoned. a very good experience in a nice environment ! the location is great, close the thames path and across the shakespeare's globe theater. inside is spacious but the chairs are awkwardly low. the olives are great. you can also order olives as a side. we ordered two different pides. the taste was subpar. the lamb in the pide was not as tasteful. there were too much parsley added before serving which dominated the taste. the turkish pastrami was over cooked. i don't know the other dishes but based on this experience it is hard to recommend the pides. we were in town for a conference and needed a quick dinner before heading to the hotel. we happened on this place during a nice walk along the riverside and their location is quite superb. we starter with humus and some fried vegetables. it was not as tasty as i'm used to for hummus. also the vegetables had no taste of their own, the sauce was nice that came with it though. this came with a side of turkish bread which was stale and didn't taste nice at all. the pide was absolutely wonderful. we had one with feta and leek, and it was really nice. we then had one more main dish each, the moussaka and one grilled vegetables with potatoes, something "patatas". they were both bland and not tasty at all. overall i would recommend you eat here for the location but if you eat here stick to the pide. i would not come again. i guess jamie w. and i landed on yet another chain in london. so much for being penny-pinching food snobs when we travel, but we ended up at tas pide because there was a dearth of lunchtime dining options around the tate modern, and turkish food sounded pretty good since we were eating a lot of italian during our london stopover. the decor did remind me a bit of istanbul by way of hgtv with lots of rustic wood beams, cane-backed chairs and things you would have bargained to pilfer at the grand bazaar (photo: bit.ly/1imhxv7). at 2pm, the place was near-empty except for a group of young eastern european women in heavy make-up and nearly-invisible shorts.i'm not presuming what they did for a living, but they did seem to text a lot. ahem. anyway, things looked bright right away as the young waiter brought us a basket of warm turkish bread, a ramekin of hummus and another ramekin of marinated olives (photo: bit.ly/rvlbta). they were still offering their  9.45 three-course lunch menu, so we took advantage (photo: bit.ly/1ocnyby). i started with the humus kavurma which featured diced lamb, pine kernels and paprika (photo: bit.ly/1imhnwp). it was a bit oily but good, just what we wanted at that time of day. i just wish they provided pita wedges so we could scoop up more of it. since i had not eaten a turkish pizza in such a long time, i tried the kiymali pide, which was apparently one of their house specials.quite doughy, it was shaped in the traditional eyelid shape with minced lamb (are you sensing a pattern here?), fresh tomatoes, onion, parsley, red pepper and a scrambled egg stuffed inside (photo: bit.ly/1imhorw). while it sounded tasty, it was rather dry for all the effort, so i used the pickled red cabbage to lubricate it as much as i could. i guess i was expecting more of a kick given the plethora of ingredients. the meal ended with their only dessert option, the kaymakli kayisi, sauteed apricots in a house-made cream with chopped almonds and pistachios (photo: bit.ly/1juhvoo). it was a bland little concoction hardly worth calling a course, but at least it gave us something sweet before our short walk back to our hotel. what we really needed was some turkish delight.food - 3 stars...pretty good turkish fare though some shortcomings were evidentambiance - 4 stars...the decor felt right even if the chairs were a bit uncomfortableservice - 3.5 stars...very quiet and attentive even with the lure of eastern european, ummm...entrepreneurstotal - 3 stars...not quite a turkish delight but if you need a hummus fix, here it is.. want to eat near the globe? better, cheaper, larger than the "real greek" chain around the corner with very short chairs to boot. i find it better than most of the places in the area. the only thing is the music: you either want twee "autentico" music along with your food... or you don't. i don't. it's not too bad if you don't have the table right by them. there are always specials on and, as a bonus, it's open late. and the specials iwll give you more food than you can eat in a couple of sittings...post-globe specialty! (and turkish delight onthe door for all your rosey-soap flavoured pudding needs) we dropped in before going to a play at the globe. very convenient and we were seated right away. crowded, but service was good. the bread and olives were excellent to start. hummus as an appetizer was very tasty. the rest of the food was good, but not special. turkish delight on the way out was fantastic! good choice for a place so near the globe. this place would be bang on 2 and half stars if that existed in yelp, but it doesn't so i have to settle for good ole 3. the staff are really lovely. the food came fast - but we didn't come during the pre theatre rush, although it was a busy friday night. the bread they give you whilst you wait was good. i loved my rose sherbert soda drink which is actually tas is own brand.my mini starter lamb pide was a bit bland, i found it needed more seasoning. really loved the pide dough though, very delicious and crisp. i also had a reasonable but very unexciting fig salad which now i think about it i belatedly realise came with feta and not the goats cheese listed on the menuit was all pleasant enough, but nothing special. but not bad considering the location right next to the globe, where you would expect tourist rip off joints. it is reasonably priced with decent value set menu deals to be had. i won't be rushing here again, but a good fix if you are in the area and hungry. no turkish delight shocker- the stockpile by the door as we left the restaurant was dry! we happened upon this place whilst walking the river walk in london. the food was fantastic. i had the lamb pide, which is best described as a turkish pizza with ground lamb, mint, diced onion, peppers, and an egg on top. they had my favorite cider (rekorderlig, strawberry and lime). service was fantastic. great ambiance. a gentleman was playing music with a tiny guitar and wind instrument. i didn't give it 5 stars because it was too hot in the restaurant. the door was open, but it was blazing hot. we also stumbled upon this restaurant by chance. excellent humus. we had the lunch menu. chicken and lamb. i cannot say enough about this place. first of all, walking into the restaurant is like stepping into your grandmothers kitchen, comforting and warm. a great atmosphere for friends catching up or an informal dateas for the food, order everything you can. the selection is incredible and the quality of the food itself is mouthwatering. i went with both veggies and meat eaters and everyone left happy and feeling like we were rolling down the street. i would happily order food, wine and sit here for a full 5 hours and enjoy my surroundings. the best available option near the globe in my opinion. nice decor. wide menu. good wine list and fair prices. we had icli kofte (lamb meatballs) and ahtapoc salatasi (octopus salad) and were ok but not great. kusbasili pidi (baked lamb) was good. sondali dana kaburna (steak and vegetables) came without rice so we ordered a side of pilaf. attention was top notch. anatolia red wine was good. i give this place a 5 star rate because is the best option in that touristic area. great atmosphere. not so great service. oh, and completely unable to accommodate a vegan. nice and calm place (at least when i went) with good live music, not too loud. well located just by the tate modern. the service is kind. both the starter - i don't remember the name - and the pita were as good as to maybe come back. unless you are really hungry, one pita is enough for two people. tasty turkish food served in a homely atmosphere, situated near the globe theatre on the southbank.try the calamari, spicy sausage (sucuk) and hummus with lamb (humus kuvurma). the lamb shank was to "die for"about 25 pp with the house white wine. i may have made bad choices but i found my food a bit bland (dolma and a vegetarian pide with aubergine/tomato on it) though not unpleasant. there were some nice olives on the table. the nice waiter talked me into getting chocolate cake which was also nice - like a sara lee chocolate gateaux but nicer. all ok/nice.minor downsides were that it is a bit of a squeeze - we were a group on a long thin table against the wall in the corner and if someone on the corner side needed to get out, the whole row of us had to completely leave the table! they were also pretty slow with tap water (an essential for me - water is genuinely my favourite drink and i don't see why i should pay for bottles of it when i like tap fine).this all said, i had a great time - the food was only ok for me, a couple of tiny annoyances - but this place has a lovely warm friendly feel, nice lighting/noise level/cosy decor so it was great for the group of us to laugh and chat and feel good and take our time. if you can resist the pull of borough market & all its tasty smells, it's a lovely walk along the thames from london bridge to this hidden restaurant. (you can take a short diversion & visit the nearby beautifully recreated golden hinde ship, if not you still pass the wonderful old clink prison, a museum of torture with a working armoury, colourfully lit arch towards the anchor pub, across the river you can see st pauls and then just before the stunning shakespeare's globe theatre (standing tickets 5), is new globe walk, and on the left tas pide. it's a good idea to call ahead and book as it can get busy. there is a little snug that can fit 3 if you have to wait for a table, there are also a few little tables outside if the weather is good. inside was a live musician playing various traditional string instruments, including a lute, and unlike some restaurants the music was not intrusively loud. the kitchen is open, with a large bread oven; decor is traditional turkish, with low backed chairs. we were greeted with a little dish of bread, a dipping sauce & amazing, potent olives. the menu has a lot of tasty options, so get yourself a drink, the black mulberry juice is good (pommergranite is lovely, but a bit like cranberry, may be too sharp for some tastes), and settle in to peruse the all the offerings. there are meze dishes if you want to get lots of dishes to try & share, or that you can just have a starter. beware mains are quite generous, so one starter between two is probably sufficient. we had the squid with sour rose sauce. it was literally straight out of the fire, we had to let it cool before we could start, the dipping sauce was similar consistency & sweetness to a thai sweet chili, along with the inclusion of dried chili flakes but with a hint of rose, not too strong for those put off by overpowering rose water as a child. the kalimari was well cooked and not rubbery. for mains we had the pizza-like pide & the aubergine casserole. the pide was with filled with such fresh tasting sardines, wrapped in vine leaves, with olives & red onions; delicious. it came with a small dish of red cabbage. the casserole was topped with roasted almonds & mulberry molasses. we also ordered a side of spinach which came as a mini veg stew. we were too full for desert, although we did all have a honey flavoured turkish delight as we left. for the complimentary bread, olives & dip, 3 drinks, 3 mains, 1 starter, 1 side, we paid just 48 including 5 service charge. wow, excellent food. i went here before seeing a show at the globe as it is literally across the street. fluffy bread was served with yogurt dip and marinated olives. i ordered the sahan set meal for 9.45, which was well worth it - a feta salad and a pide, which is kind of like a turkish pizza, i guess. you can also get a more calzone-like version.the feta salad: i was not expecting much, but it was actually rather incredible. a dressing of balsamic glaze and lemon with mint and dill made it outstanding. the pide: minced lamb and red pepper, perfectly spiced, in a baked? fried? crusty thing. it really hit the spot.my friend had some delicious dolma and a different pide, with lamb and cheese. there are a number of vegetarian options, but gluten-free might be a problem.the desserts looked delicious but we were too full from the pide!i'm deducting one point for waiter service. i wondered if we were actually in the anatolian deserts as i could not get a glass of water for the life of me even when my friend received her drink; finally asked a different waiter and still took him five minutes. still a great restaurant for food and atmosphere. took some friends here for lunch on their suggestion and it was a great choice.in the street down beside the globe theatre, this is easily found by public transport.being all vegetarian, we shared the haloumi style cheese and a wonderful broad bean and yoghurt starter. then we had various vego pides.there was complimentary bread and olives too.i recommend it as a stylish great place to eat that won't break the budget. now i love turkish food - meze, hummus and the whole atmosphere. so when i booked tickets for the globe i thought to myself, 'right perfect chance to try tas pide.' right by the theatre, looked quite busy but i had about 1 hr 15 mins so perfect to grab food before the performance.lovely waiters, menu looked amazing and i wanted to sit there for about 6 hours and slowly eat all of it.. before exploding from gluttony of course! but i restrained myself (casual pat on the back there, thank you very much) and ordered small. nothing worse than feeling too full at a theatre performance, totally takes away from concentration. now despite me ordering small, i received my food 15 minutes before the performance was due to start. that's about 45 minutes of waiting after i ordered. for not very much, mainly cold food. super disappointing.i however will go back; the food was amazing. so tasty, shame i had to shovel it into my already big mouth and run. tas is such a find. we have visited a few branches in london and each meal has been delicious and each welcome has been warm. this time round we headed to tas pide by the globe theatre after enjoying a prosecco or two (or three...) and consequently i was rather overwhelmed by my delicious cheese and leek pide....my own fault! our waitress was so upset that i hadnt finished my meal that she brought us a dessert to share plus two mint liqueurs!.warm service, lovely house wine and bargain prices. what's not to like? we went for a pre-theatre meal here, i thought overall it was excellent value. the mixed mezze to start was great and it arrived quickly (which was great as we were starved). i ordered the lamb kebab, full of flavour and delicious, not the biggest portions but that was fine. my boyfriend had one of the pide and that looked delicious, probably a lot more filling too if that's what you're after. we shared a delicious dessert that i can't remember the name of, but it was like shredded wheat soaked in honey, thoroughly recommend. this is a spot right next to the shakespeare's globe. the first time i came here, i had just a quick drink but the next time i came, the hubby and i were ready for a nice meal after a couple drinks at the oyster shed. service was pretty good compared to what i am used to (still not saying much), but better than expected. this is proper anatolian turkish cuisine which is different than other arab places but still super yummy.the stars were what we ordered. we started with some homemade turkish bread with olive oil. we ordered a couple drinks: glass of champagne and a beer. then the mains: iskender, which was lovely, flavorful and rich. also the mixed grill, which was a bunch of different meats which were equally delicious. i am so ready to go back! the food quality is not as good as the food quality in the tas restaurants in southwark or london bridge... and it's more expensive... i really love to go there after vinopolis. but even sauber, it's great place to get some authentic turkish food.good quality, good value and friendly staff. though the seating might not be ideal for a romantic date :-) a delight, just near the globe theatre. a nicely diverse menu including plenty of veg options. a pide is like pita bread made into a small pizza. yum! a nice turkish restaurant, it was certainly a pilgrimage though, the northern line south to leicester square, the 29 bus, 3 stops and then a long, but lovely walk. i had a sort of flat bread with lamb, eggs, tomato, aubergine and all sorts of summer vegetables. the one downside was that the restaurant was quite loud and dingy inside, not unlike a turkish prison!	1	0	1	0	1
 great find in covent garden. from the host to the bar and wait staff you cannot ask for better service. the cocktail and wine list were amazing! i recommend getting the tuna carpaccio and also their famous lamb shepherds pie! this is going to be my frequent stop when i'm in this area. please stop in, you won't be disappointed. the wait staff was incredibly good. i wish i could say the same for the food.after reading another post here saying the crispy duck salad was "divine," i had to try it.the crispy duck salad was so salty that it was difficult to finish. the prawn cocktail was soaking in dressing and very disappointing to not have that nice clean taste that is the signature of prawns. finally, do not bother with the house drink called the royale. it was pretty, but not anywhere near it's hefty price. overall i was disappointed that such a beautiful place with such good staff could be serving food that was overpriced and mostly inedible. wah wah. bartenders made this 4 stars but upon arrival we were told that we couldn't sit outside since we weren't having a ful dinner we sat inside and ordered espresso martinis and a nice truffle arancini they charged my phone. that was nice they had nice desserts my friend just wanted martinis second time i'm going for breakfast in one of the "ivy" and i love this retro atmosphere.the ivy market grill made me feel like in an old train station cafe in the 30s.the music is really retro as well!i ordered a cappuccino with the avocado tomatoes poached eggs. it was really good and fulfill ! the service was great and fasti totally recommend this place if you are looking for a cosy and original place for an amazing breakfast/brunch this has been the best restaurant i've visited while in london. i was told restaurants in covent garden are where i want to be. great price for such amazing food and service. our waiter darius was very sweet and accommodating. i ordered the butternut squash dish because it was vegetarian, so good! also got creme brle for dessert. i'd love to come back for brunch. we stopped in for an afternoon tea after touristing around the sights in the area. we found their tea service to be both delicious and an amazing value. the house blend tea was great, and the sandwiches were particularly good for their bread--just a hint of sweetness and so tasty! highly recommended and would return. the place so good! i was mentioned by my friends so many time and finally made it this time.the food were so good and the only focus is to enjoy them! forgot to take any pictures...the only thing i can say is that... go and enjoy! the service and food are both no worse than any michelin star restaurants. great brunch at the ivythe eggs were lovely and the service very cordialthe interior is inspiring with pretty green colours and they have a pretty little outdoor area for seating. the tea is a little flat and disappointing otherwise all the food was very goodwould recommend it the big red double decker busses roll by, and a shabbily dressed man stands in a corner, just out of the misty rain, smoking...it's a fine london afternoon. the painted mimes of convent garden are doing their thing, the plaster on their bodies turning to silvery tears. remember in atonement when robbie goes by to visit cecelia at the hospital cafeteria just before leaving for the frontline in france. it's just like that. all hard wood, and glass, the clinking of fork to plate, and the noise of people chatting, their muffled babble resonating like a flock of excited, exotic birds. all very well, and informal and charmingly british. just like in a movie. (did i ever tell about the time i fell in love with a darling japanese girl who had studied her english in london? she broke my heart, not by losing her, but missing the sound of her voice)a thrill ran through me. i love the nailhead seafoam leather chairs, the brushed brass lighting fixtures, the layered tablecloths. a smell of lilac, cinnamon, and mint. seated in the atrium (i had used the name james mcavoy when making my reservation, i often do this, in hopes of securing premium seating. it's a shot in the dark, but you never can tell right?), the room feels overworked, there is a huge sunday afternoon crowd, and the rain turns torrential. nevertheless, spirits are high. this is not the ivy, so don't expect it. think of it as a well dressed t.g.i friday's. nor should you be expecting some marvelous view of saint paul's (least not in the rain). i ordered the market grill shepard pie, slow roasted lamb shoulder and cheddar mash, and a side of almond green beans. my companion ordered the warm truffle chicken sandwich and chips (fries). the latter: menu reads (inserts are by moi), "warm truffled chicken with mayonnaise, toasted white bloomer (a london dense, crusty sandwich bread), fried hen's egg (where else dose the egg come from?), chips (again, fries here) and green salad 11.95" (oddly priced?). save yourself the trouble. for all the effort of plating, nothing can fix this mess. completely without flavor, the chicken with the "hen's egg" (what? not a rooster? a capon?) is some sadly ironic douglas adams thing that came from a bag, frozen, with all it's little mates. you surely don't think they're bringing in whole birds, dissecting them for a poultry (pun) 12? it is what it is...market grill shepard pie: it tasted exactly like cheeseburger helper with instant mashed potatoes (i'm sure they're not instant, but tasted that way) piled on top, that had been lightly buttered (probable clarified, or ghee) and slid under a salamander until the potato peaks browned, and began to shrivel. having grown up eating cheeseburger helper, i can say this with certainty. it just taste that way. green beans were standard. blood mary was delicious and not overly decorated to raise the price (8.50). coffee was not folgers. i can't say i was totally disappointed. i had a idea of what to expect. it's the ivy's slow, slightly dim witted brother, who loves to to be seen, but should never be heard, with average food at moderate prices. keep you expectations in line. the decor is incredible, and the linen napkins (i snagged a couple) meaningful. when i see my pics, i hear cecelia saying "jeffery, come back to me. come back. come back."but, i don't think so. but...i still like the sound of cheeseburger helper. :) aloha having just arrived to central london, we were in need of some nourishment and what better way to start your visit to london than with a full english breakfast. i choose this place because it was convenient to covent garden market and near our hotel. the restaurant was beautiful and service was spot on. the toast here was thick and toasted to perfection, served with some room temperature salted butter. oh, how i heart salted butter. the breakfast itself was just ok though. the eggs were nicely cooked but the sausage was average and the black pudding and bacon were below. the beans were also just ho-hum. also at 13.50, it was the most expensive full english i had while in town. if you are in the area and want breakfast, i do not think you can go wrong dining here but do not expect to be wowed. if you want an amazing full english breakfast and do not mind traveling, i highly recommend the electric diner in notting hill. they do it right and you can do a little shopping at portobello market while you are in the area. absolutely terrible service. the waitstaff are clueless. we asked for a coffee- half decaf/half regular. the waitress said she can't do it. i then said, "ok, give me a regular, give her a decalf, and give us an extra cup." she replied "ok but it's going to be messy." so we mixed the two successfully without making a mess, but the idiot waitress should of done the mixing for us. unbelievable! it took 20+ minutes for me to get my prosecco... even after asking three times for it. and now we've been waiting 10+ minutes for our bill. what a dump! the food was cold. for brunch they serve fries with eggs benedict. who does that?!?! never again! the ivy market grill in covent garden is a beautiful, busy and buzzing restaurant with delicious food and a delightful wine list that includes a nice selection by the glass. one saturday evening, i was walking around covent garden and spontaneously decided to see if i could get a table at the new ivy market grill. somewhat surprisingly, they actually had a nice table for me, and i quickly decided to take this opportunity and have dinner there. something i noticed immediately was how attentive the staff were - almost too much so.the wine list made the choice easy - not due to lack of options, but because the riesling from markus molitor, haus klosterberg in the mosel region in germany just sounded too good. and it really was a very tasty riesling, not falling short of my expectations.my dinner then began with some nice and warm bread with a salted crust and soft butter. that's exactly how every decent dinner should start. to properly kick off my dinner, i ordered the mozzarella di bufala. i probably did not need the roasted pine nuts and seeds, for me those just added an odd flavour to the dish. the plate also had a certain spiciness, which was fine for me. what i enjoyed most besides the mozzarella were the croutons and what i think was roasted pumpkin pieces. overall, this was a very pleasant starter.the roast duck breast following the starter was pretty delicious. the duck was perfectly cooked, pink and full of flavour. adding the nice, thick sauce made the meat taste even better. it came with carrots, which were very soft and some green which tasted alright. as side i opted for the truffle parmesan chips. while i was not completely convinced that truffle and parmesan improved the chips in any way, it certainly also did no harm. like you might expect when you throw truffle at chips, it was a distinctly salty side.to go with the duck, the waiter or sommelier - i can't remember exactly - recommended the millton pinot noir from gisborne in new zealand. i am not always a big fan of new world wines, but after i got a little taster, i agreed that it was a good match with my main.after the good starter, i was also very happy with the big chunk of duck breast and the beautiful pinot noir along with it. these two courses did not leave me hungry at all. since i wanted to finish my meal with a dessert, i asked for something small and light, so i ended up with a nice crme brle.the staff were very friendly and overall, the service was excellent. i only wondered that they did not seamlessly top up the tap water in my glass. well, maybe i am just a bit spoilt, i somehow expected that at such a place. anyway, if this is the only "issue" you can identify at a restaurant, they did many things right.summing my experience up: i had a great dinner - the food was tasty, the service faultless and the atmosphere pleasant. the greet staff at the entrance are the most rude, arrogant and obnoxious service people we have encountered world wide. there was no attempt to make us feel welcome and the only word they knew was 'no' when asking how to obtain even a seat at the bar. we have been here several times before and always sit at the bar. they have always has somewhat of a snobbish attitude but this time was exceptional. there are far less boorish places to enjoy in london. with some time to kill before wandering around town, i decided to have a quick solo brunch at ivy market grill. it's right in the heart of covent garden, with a small area for outdoors seating if the weather is cooperating. although i came in mid-morning on a saturday, it was no trouble at all getting a seat for one; in fact, right next to the bar, there are small, snug 'booth seats' that are great for 2 people but are perfect for dining by yourself as well. inside is quite spacious, with a bit of a throwback vibe - the analog clock behind the bar is a really nice touch. service was well-timed, allowing myself to enjoy the meal (and the free wi-fi, a very helpful aspect for a foreigner) at a leisurely pace. the drink menu was quite good; my garden of the abbey was a nice, lightly-flavored cocktail infused with a decent amount of apple overtones and perfect for a brunch drink.the food here was also quite solid. i went with a side of toast to start; each slide was lightly toasted and cut thinly, which was nice - i didn't get stuffed (which happens with the thicker slices usually present in american brunches), and the strawberry preserves were especially tasty. for my main, i went a bit lighter and did the smoked salmon over scrambled eggs. there's no additional carbs on the plate (such as potatoes or an english muffin), making it a relatively small plate for breakfast, but it still packs a lot of punch. the eggs were still a tad runny, which i prefer in my eggs of the scrambled variety, and the smoked salmon here was excellent...you really got the taste of oak in the meat, and the fish itself held up a lot better and had a firmer texture to it than many types of smoked salmon used in breakfast or brunch dishes tend to have (at least in my experience). i almost wish the dish was a little larger, but at under 10 pounds, it's still a very solid deal.in all, i would definitely come back for another meal here - whether for breakfast again, or for lunch or dinner later in the day. the service was alright, but the food and the overall ambiance really stuck out for me (as well as the convenient location). definitely one of the better casual spots i have been to in london for british food! so i am a fan of the ivy, but i feel that the market grill has let the 'brand' down a bit. my godfather and i ate here while the renovations were underway, and to be fair i have not been back since because i was just disappointed really. coming to the ivy in any of its guises is meant to be a treat, and however attentive the staff were, the food was still disappointing.we had the fish pie, and there is no real good way of saying that the fish was over cooked, i get that doing fish pie is tricky (mostly because you can't see the fish once the potato has been added), but when fish is served in a white sauce it should not feel like it is there to disguise the fact that the fish is massively overcooked.to me the market grill really feels like a knocked down version of the ivy that is aimed at a less discerning set of patrons; possibly even just the general tourists who eat here just because of the 'ivy' name. wow. this place is absolutely phenomenal. i felt like a princess eating here. the queen is jealous, i'm sure. they have amazing cocktails, as well. be sure to try the duck salad; it's incredibly flavorful, and refreshing. i went to the ivy market grill for breakfast with two friends. we arrived just after 8am on a weekday morning. unfortunately the service was not very good. i ordered an earl grey tea, and instead was given a breakfast tea. on flagging this up to the waitress, she didnt offer to replace it, and i had to ask her to please bring me the correct tea. she returned a while later with sencha. i again said that i had ordered earl grey and asked for the correct tea. at no point did she apologise, or even seem to care that it took 20 minutes for me to get the right tea.i ordered the eggs royale, my friend had the english breakfast. he was happy with his order and said it was delicious. however, mine had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp for some time. the eggs were over-cooked (fully hard yolks), and the smoked salmon was now also fully cooked. it tasted okay, but it being over cooked was disappointing. all in all, for a breakfast that was not cheap, i was really unimpressed. the food could be much better - do not leave eggs under a heat lamp!! and the service was very disinterested to the point of being rude. i would not recommend. wow.wow.wow recently swung by the ivy market grill for breakfastlondon. greeted by lovely friendy staff early on a saturday morning. the decor of this place is fabulous and very 1920s. i opted for the full english breakfast.and my wife had the eggs royale.both dishes were well presented and cooked to perfection.prices aren't steep as you would expect with the name.you do get what you pay for.would definetly visit again. while increasingly common to find this stylish eatery of the ivy in more places in greater london, each individual place has its own uniqueness to go with its surroundings. covent garden is getting trendy. what used to be a tourist hangout is slowly re-gentrifying itself in the form of higher end restaurants. just around the corner from pizza express you will find white tablecloth establishments serving french sounding menus and this is wonderful. to that the ivy market grill is a small oasis of fashionable eating right off the piazza. like the other ivy restaurants the menu is reliably similar serving favourites such as fish cakes, eggs benedict, along with a bit of champagne of course. so if you want a very good meal in the middle of covent garden and the theater district, the ivy market grill is an elegant option. great food, excellent service and lovely location. we went for the theatre menu which was of good value. brilliant wine list. highly recommended. this is a gem in the tourist trap that is covent garden. it's the same price as most of the rip-off burger joints / overpriced sandwich chains but it comes with fabulous decor of green leather and wood, swift service and the ivy's famous fish and chips.most importantly, this is a place for people in the know. although it's affordable, people assume the ivy is expensive so they stay away. this means you feel like you're part of a hidden secret every time you escape the crowds and head for this sanctuary. tables are kept for walk-ins and we didn't book and managed to get a table at 2pm on a saturday.i had a cheeseburger, which was thick and perfectly cooked. lettuce, tomato and gherkins came on the side so you could build your own burger. i like a burger plain as the meat was thick enough already so i was happy with the deconstruction. fish and chips were the best though - crispy battery, light fish and delicious skin-on chips with a tangy tartare sauce and lemons wrapped in posh muslin cloth.there were two of us and we had two courses and champagne (obvs) and it came to 65 - i thought that was great value. if you just had a main course each, expect to pay about 30 which is excellent value for covent garden.towards the end of our lunch, service became slow and we had to wave our arms in the air to pay the bill. but otherwise it's a solid 4. went before a show and shared the pre theater 3 course dinner. the hostess said we had to sit at the bar even though there was a ton of open tables. i don't think they have any beer on tap. we ordered calamari with chili sauce which was very good. pea risotto with goat cheese and asparagus also very good. creme brle very yummy and loved the baby pan it was served in. all in all we got the meal and brian got a beer and our total was around 30. by far my favorite meal on our trip to london. the ivy market grill is located just five minutes away from the royal opera house, a fantastic location for those wanting brunch before a matinee show. i met with some friends to enjoy a nice catch up over a nice brunch - and this is exactly what we got. the first thing one notices is the pretty inside decor. a real blast from the past, from the paintings and photos on the walls to the green leather seats, you can't but think you've just taken a time machine to the 50s.the staff are accommodating, though maybe they could communicate with each other better as we were asked for coffee twice from two different waiters. the menu is generous, and offers a lot of choice - on the sunday we were there the restaurant happened to be out of brown bread, which was a little disappointing.i ordered the eggs benedict, not something that can usually go very wrong - but found the muffin very tough yet not very crispy - signs it had been out a while. the hollandaise sauce and the poached eggs were done perfectly, the watercress tasted fresh.after our food the restaurant became busier (this made sense as the 10am slot was the only slot available to book). some of the meals on the other tables looked very scrumptious and hence this place deserves another visit.overall, 3 for our food experience, 5 for the location and ambience and another 3 for the service. however i will most definitely be back for another go at the brunch menu. not quite as dark as ivy proper (you can make out the world outside through large windows) the ivy market grill has quite a comforting old-fashioned feel to it despite having only just opened. one of my friends described it as an upmarket caf rouge - panelled walls, faux-leather club chair style seating, dark wooden tables, you get the idea.the menu included the entire choice of breakfast and afternoon tea items as well as the all-day menu which consisted of grill items as well as a good selection of comfort foods - a bit odd on the sunniest day of the year but delicious nonetheless. however, not recommended for a vegetarian date. the truffle and parmesan chips were a delicious variation. i had a starter of crispy duck salad (very tasty, even though the definition of crispy was taken a bit far by deep frying small bits of meat) followed by salmon steak (rather greasy considering it was one of the grill items).we had a table booked for 7.15 - first impression was marred by slightly clumsy staff not sure how to deal with this, then asking us to take a seat at the bar when there obviously weren't any. luckily for us this ivy offspring is not quite as busy yet and we were able to carry on beyond our official curfew.the ivy market grill is located in a good spot (none of us could remember what used to be in this location - possibly a bank?) and already feels like it belongs here. i've been struggling with rating my experience which is a bit more than ok but i wouldn't say i am a fan quite yet. having said that, i will most definitely be back. went to ivy market grill for a full english breakfast, was not disappointed!! the orange juice was also very good-freshly squeezed! outside seating was nice, had a good view of the outside activity on a not-too-busy street of covent garden. staff was attentive and friendly. will be going back to try dinner here soon! go here. you will be happy. a good selection of food with good size portions and good price. but make a reservation or go after hrs. dinner time it is very crowded popped in for a quick lunch last week, very pleasant. the location is excellent, just across from the main covent garden hub and and hop, skip and jump from the strand. on a crisp late winter day we sat outside in the sunshine, kept toasty with heaters and blankets and watched the world go by as we tucked into delicious, meaty burgers. great little spot. i came here for breakfast one day with the family on a whim while visiting london. the ambiance was nice and the place wasn't too crowded or loud. i had the omelette and my brother had the english breakfast, both of which were great. service was friendly and helpful too. great place! lovely place for brunch. great location food was amazing. decor and atmosphere were lovely. felt very expensive and posh. lobster benedict was super tasty and a great sized portion. only issue was it was quite expensive. 72 for 4 courses and 2 drinks. would definitely go back though as we did really enjoy it! had the avocado tomato and egg light breakfast with sesame dressing. was a a lot of food, very yummy. had the right amount of crunch, softness and flavor!! delish. had similar breakfast the day before somewhere else and it was double the price and not nearly as good.	0	0	1	0	1
 fantastic. favorite neighborhood pub in the old street area. great food (had caprese salad and chicken burger and both were delicious). the tap list is big. the service is fantastic. and it's pretty laid back vibes. like! persuaded by the abundance of positive reviews (thanks yelp!), we picked old fountain for dinner one warm summer evening. and, of course, we weren't disappointed.i can see why so many people have walked passed without noticing it. it's the opposite of a shiny, polished gastropub. not that it isn't quality - it is, just in an understated, comfy way. venture in and you'll find a cosy layout, plenty of ales as well as some top nosh.the roof terrace is understandably popular and a little crowded. i probably wouldn't choose it for a quiet conversation or a date. but for a lively evening of cheerful boozing and eating it's perfect.with my blood sugar levels perilously low, i sought the most calorific, satisfying thing on the menu. lo and behold steak with mushrooms and chunky chips saved the day.tender meat, creamy sauce, crunchy salad on the side and some of the best fries i've ever tried - crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside. so good, my sister kept nicking them - hands off sis!she'd ordered a halloumi salad, which was well presented and awash with vegetables, but i know she coveted my steak.my only quibble with this delightful pub is the lack of dessert options - ice-cream or cheese? not so much. still, if you're hankering for a thirst-quenching beer and a hunger-zapping steak with chips fit for the gods - you've come to the right place. a really cool, proper london boozer which is moving with the times in stocking a great selection of craft beer!quite often these sorts of places can get a bit stuck in their ways and just churn out the same stuff to the same patrons even 20 years after they've died but in embracing craft and keeping the charm of a london pub they attract a super diverse mix of people. they surprisingly serve food (wish i'd remembered to eat - that would have balanced out the craft wobbles later on!) which a few friends said wasn't bad. they've also got the top deck set out as an open air beer garden which is a real strong selling point - nicely hidden but i'm happy to share it with fellow yelpers :-)get here - and enjoy - this area is slowly being swamped with chains so make sure this indi keeps shining through. we stopped here for something to hold us over, until dinner. it was during the afternoon, and was very quiet. we'd traveled by train from broadstairs, by the coast, in kent, and were booked into st pancras premier inn. well, the inn was shut down, so they sent us to the premier inn on old street. this was way screwed up, as we had booked our room, so we would be right across from the british library. we were already worn out from the train ride, so being sent to another premier, made us rather cross? and the kitchen was closed until 1700, and happy hour didn't start until 1800 hrs, so off we go.this place turned up, not to far from our hotel. great, as we were on foot. her ladyship went to the bar to place an order for us, while i went out back to take a photo or two. there was only one other customer at the bar. he was trying to chat up the lady pib keeper, with out success. we sat down with our pints, and soon the lady delivered our order. i won't say this lady was out right surly, but certainly not friendly by any stretch of the word. i waited for "she who must be obeyed," to return, from the loo. i was looking at what she ordered, and thought maybe it was some kind of baked potato, cut in half? there was a small salad served on the side, cool.she returned, so it was time to snack. i picked up my half of whatever this was, took a bite, and oh my goodness. it took a few bites, before i even put it down to wipe my mouth, and get a sip of my pint. good, good, good!! finally managed to ask what i was eating, and found out they were scotch eggs. i was surprised, as i have tasted them once before, but nothing like these. so sad this was our last day, before going back to the usa. would've like to return and tried there other beers, and food offerings. also, it's kind of off the grid for where we usually lodge, but would definitely love to return sometime. fun place. decent food- the bangers and mash are good but i'm not sure it's not all out of a can. cheep beer but limited selection. wait staff isnt super helpful in directing you to good options if you aren't familiar with british beer. that said, fantastic atmosphere! a gleefully hidden roof terrace steps from busy city road? count me in!after work weekdays likely gets quite insane with the city and tech crowds nearby, but our saturday pre-dinner appointment with aforementioned roof terrace was bliss. i've walked past this pub no fewer than 500x since i moved to a flat nearby, but just never remembered to stop in. from the outside it is fairly unremarkable (though well kept, of course) -- but inside there is plenty of room, and of course the gem of a roof which manages to be secluded and lush with greenery, ample seating and sunshine when mother nature stops along to play nice. and, the food prancing about looked very promising. i'll remember that for next time. real cask ales, some newer craft beers on offer, very passable wines, nice service and a pub menu a notch above the norm? why aren't you here yet guys!? pro-tip: reserve the large rooftop tables for a group if you've got your plans together to avoid disappointment. i think i'll do this review in list form. best things: chunky chips with cheese great cider selectiongood chicken sandwich really helpful serversgood locationless fun things:super loudnever any space on roof deck sort of dark insidethe chunky chips with cheese are my new addiction. i think i've found love. what a hidden little gem this is. in the heart of bustling old street, you genuinely would walk by thinking this place was closed on a quiet evening but if you head inside you're greeted with a truly british local experience. for me, this pub epitomises everything that a pub should be: friendly locals, british beers on tap and a laid back and relaxing atmosphere where you truly feel at home.perfect for an afternoon or evening beverage. i opted for the house rose and it was delicious - not too dry and not too sweet.sadly i didn't give the food a try but it looked delicious and smelt even better. i'll definitely be back to give those chunky chips a try that's for sure! this was my first visit here, and was only a 10 minute walk away from work. we all met on the roof top bar terrace which was extremely enjoyable. a busy bar but we got served relatively quickly, and found a great range of beers for those who look for great choice!the food was also good and arrived in good time...i didn't have a full meal but the burgers were recommended :)i'd definitely return whether under the heaters in the cold or in the sun under the umbrellas! very british pub with a good selection of real ales and craft beers. those chips, by god.hard to spot, perhaps, but it was the first meal we had in london and it hasn't been topped yet. if i lived here, this would probably be my pub. great selection of drinks (beer my goodness, the beer!) and great food. no really, great food. like the red wine reduction is tasting the way it should at a 35-40 pound platter somewhere else but you're only paying 1/3 of it because it is dressing up some very well executed chicken thigh in a pub. i am so coming back for ye old fountain! the old fountain is a lovely, slightly hidden away pub. there is a good selection of drinks, from beers to wines and cocktails, as well as lovely pub grub. it has a fun and lively atmosphere so not the place to go on an intimate date, but definitely a good place to meet up with friends for a boozy night out. so happy that i've discovered it and will definitely be back! out of all the pubs we visited on our trip to london, old fountain had the best beer list. by that i mean the list had the biggest variety of beers with the most appealing options. in addition to the beers on the list in my photo, old fountain also had several taps that i believe are their "standard," non-rotating beers. old fountain also had a tv where our friends could watch the wimbledon semi-finals.the only really sketchy thing about old fountain was how many people were drinking outside, not just directly outside the pub as is typical, but also across the street in this abandoned lot. it was very odd to behold. we have been to the old fountain a few times with friends, family and co workers alike. it's a great place to socialise, grab a nice cider or ale (great selection) and a bite to eat. nice roof terrace - great for a lunch time catch up during the week and buzzing on a friday evening. i would recommend their beetroot and goats cheese salad for a satisfying light bite but their burgers are pretty tasty if your after something more filling. my friend is also very fond of their cheesy chips. we will and have returned. it's perfect for de-stressing after a long days work. enjoyed the rooftop ambience for a quiet sunday lunch. the beer selection is good, but the sunday menu is small. i got the stuffed pepper, which was quite tasty. i will go back and try the roof at night. if you can get a seat on the rooftop i imagine it would be a really great place to hang out. if you can't get a seat, the bar is perfectly fine and comfortable. i'm a big fan of this place - good wine and friendly bartenders. a tremendous find, right next to my hotel in shoreditch. while i didn't try the food, i really enjoyed the wide selection of beers available here. there is a chalkboard with the list, including the abv, brewery, location, as well as the price. it's also a pleasure just to walk the length of the bar and look at the pull handles. for the less adventurous, there are plenty of lagers, ciders and the usual selection of spirits. the wifi is free and there's a code posted above the bar in the second room. pricing is reasonable by london standards. i love this place, especially for a quick and boozy afternoon lunch with work colleagues! hidden away just off city road this pub is everything you need from a london boozer. good selection of drinks, classic and well presented pub food (chicken burger was excellent) and your obligatory roof terrace (well we are quite near hipsterville) for those few and far between days of sunshine. the pub itself is fairly dark and most people head to the terrace during the summer months but i can see this being an equally great place for those long winter evenings when all you want is a pint and a burger to warm you up! staff were friendly, food was served fairly quickly (even during a busy lunch hour on a friday) and the standards were good. nothing wrong here! a pub that not a huge number of people seem to know about, right around the corner from old street tube station. with nice beers. and a lovely roof terrace. it seems like a myth, but it's not - this pub is excellent, but please, don't tell anyone. i really love this place, especially their rooftop, which is small but does the trick. an oasis by the nightmare that can be the old street roundabout. omg this place is great. stumbled on it by accident and ended up eating and drinking here two nights in a row. best cooked burger (med rare) i have had in a very long time and a fantastic craft beer list. some of the friendliest bar staff i have ever experienced in london (and i lived here 5 years). just do it. brilliant pub!!interesting ales (not for me, but the lads i was with seemed impressed) and really strong, smoky-tasting, delicious cider on tap (that changed half way through the night.) the decor was old-man pub-ish with lots of wood and plenty of room to sit down. the service was pretty speedy and very friendly. oh! and after i had finished my first pint, we discovered cheese boards which made my whole world better. woot!for some reason, last friday night when we came here there was a huge number of blokes in this pub. but, this was good too- less queue for the ladies loos - yay! so, 1.6 years after my first visit i had a second visit (funnily enough, once again as pre-nighjar dinner). i was really happy to see the quality has remained the same (which is to say, excellent). this time, i ordered the fountain burger, which was excellent, but the patty was just slightly too dry which was a shame, but otherwise it was very good. i was also very happy that the the chips are still as good as i remember them (stil the best ones i've had outside of belgium. since i'm now in london more frequently for work, i'll definitely be coming here more often. i've been here quite a few times now and i just love the ever renewing selection of craft ales and kegs. the food is fantastic pub grub. there is also a roof terrace, probably the best part of the pub, apart from the bar of course. there are 2, step split, areas, each with a bar so plenty of space to get a drink and a few award certificates on show behind the bar, not surprisingly! the staff are always pleasant and friendly, albeit busy. right by old street, old fountain has a pretty standard pub feel. nothing particularly distinctive about the place but it's warm and inviting. perhaps unsurprisingly it was fairly packed on a friday evening but we were able to get a seat eventually.the beer selection is what makes it stand out though! 13ish craft beers on tap, a great selection of bottles, and friendly and knowledgeable bartenders. kitchen is being re-done at the moment but it somehow feels like the sort of place that would have good food. truly a gem ! friendly people, good service, excellent selection of beers, and extremely good pub food. had a cheese plate that was awesome! burgers and fries were excellent as well. even the salad was very good. i ate here 3 times during a 2 week stay - i highly recommend it. we went out for some halloween drinks and bites after work but it was so full - all tables inside and outside were taken and there was no place in the garden upstairs. we ended up drinking standing on the street after it took us 20 minutes to order drinks as there were so many people. the weather was nice and there were also many people drinking outside and there was some kind of party atmosphere but we drank on empty stomachs as it was impossible to order any food. we left tipsy and in high spirits but hungry. i am left with mixed feelings for this place as it looks nice and it serves nice drinks and cocktails but they should find a way to deal with high demand on some occassions. loved this place. has a cozy local feel with great food, very nice ciders, and a beautiful rooftop!  i went months ago and am planning a return to london and had to research to recall where i went so that i could go back.  i know where i'll be in a few week's time! awesome pub. i've been here three times for their beer festival. the setup is classic british pub. plenty of seating, lots of beer ephemera, dim lighting, worn wood. the beer selection was great when i was there, what with the festival and everything. on a normal day it looked like they would have eight cask ales going. prices were good, service was kind and attentive. will return for sure.	0	1	1	0	1
 ignore the negative reviews from idiots comparing this place to their favorite restaurant in cuba or some other bs. here's the basics you need to know - for london you can feed a small family for 22. they have unlimited fountain drinks, desserts and most importantly great food! where else can you find that in london??? honestly - please message me because i would like to know. nando's is hands down my favorite fast casual restaurant. don't waste time with the fast food burger places down the street or pizza express around the corner.  you'll thank me later. i would suggest the platter with 2 sides and 2 drinks for 20. the side dishes are somewhat small but it's often people's eyes being "bigger than their stomach". it's more than enough food to feed a small family. the chicken breast sandwich is very flavorful! i think the medium spice could use some more kick. overall, the sweet bread with the medium sauce was a perfect combination! the service was ok but luckily the food made up for it! there's a couple locations on the east coast, but nando's is a restaurant chain i would like to see in los angeles. we popped in for a quick lunch with a friend who lives in bath. service was pretty fast, we got our dishes shortly after ordering. the peri-peri chicken was very delicious. parts of it were probably in the grill for too long, but i could forgive them for that. did not have the chance to try the wings, which i regret now. for a fast food chain, the food they served was really good. the price was also pretty good for the portions served. if i could, i would enjoy a visit back here again in the future. or, they can open a location here in la! too much hype...the food was alright, nothing to write home about, i guess i've been spoiled lol oh nando's. what words can i use to describe our long distance love affair? as a flight attendant for a us based carrier i often find myself in cities around the uk. no matter how hard i try, i can not keep myself from not popping into a nando's for a quick and tasty meal while on layover--and all for less than 12 (with drink). is it a chain? yes. does it serve semi-basic food? yes. do i love it? yes. it's quick, it's easy, it's consistent, it's delicious. can't wait to be back for my next round of medium chicken wings with table added lemon-herb peri peri sauce. **drool**rumor has it the chain has made its way stateside, to the dc area, but i haven't made the 2 hour drive from philadelphia yet... yummy! this place was great! i had chicken and sweet potatoe fries. you can get the chicken plain or with one of the many sauces. it's a butterflies breast cook to perfection. the potatoe was served with yogurt and seeds. the best part was this is one of the only places in london that gives free refills on soda! that was a highlight for me considering i'm from the usa. my friends and i have been having serious withdrawals ever since we left london, and one of the things that we really miss is nando's. this place is open until as late as 11pm and their food is so addicting! it's perfect for both a full meal and a snack, as well as desserts such as tarts and bottomless yogurt. my go-to is their combo with 5 medium wings and 2 sides. another favorite is their kid's meal, for when i'm not so hungry. lastly, enroll in their rewards system, it has nice payoffs ^_^ as they say, everything is relative to your own personal experiences. i guess the glowing reviews on here are from people who have not had great rotisserie chicken because coming from miami where we have latin and caribbean influences on rotisserie chicken this place really falls short. portion sizes are so small, ordered a quarter chicken and it was maybe 4 bites, chicken breast must have come from a baby chicken as it was about 5 bites. they have a million sauces to choose from because they don't know how to season and marinate the chicken correctly so they want you to throw a ton of sauce on it to mask the fact the the chicken is flavorless and rubbery. ordered corn on the cob and mashed potatoes and those were bad too. corn on the cob was terrible quality corn and instead of being sweet and juicy it was dry and mushy. mashed potatoes were just that mashed with no butter or sour cream so again flavorless. do not listen to glowing reviews, bland chicken and tiny portions make this place a no go. absolutely legit fast service chicken and side dishes! i got the butterfly chicken with the mango lime sauce and spicy rice and sweet potato mashed and it was absolutely delicious. you can't go wrong at this place! my wife had this flat iron steak sandwich and the steak was good enough to eat by itself it's a very nice place for lunch or dinner. tasty food, good service. want chicken wings? come here. i have to admit that i first learned about nandos from my little sister who was a one direction fan (niall loves nandos apparently). you seat yourself and you order at the cash register. they'll bring the food to you. you also get your own plates and silverware yourself. they have assorted hot sauces and dressings to share and you can bring whichever you like to your own table. the chicken wings here are so juicy and tender, which is why i give them 5 stars. i got the 10 wing entree with hot peli-peli sauce. hot was pretty spicy for me, they don't underestimate their spicy. the peli peli chips are yummy too and a tad bit spicy as well. (chips in the uk are like fatter french fries with more potato, not potato chips which are called crisps). they also have three options of sangria which are yummy and great for sharing. it's pretty sweet though, as sangria usually is. nandos came with a lot of hype but exceeded it's reputation for being pricey. service was also a bit rude... dare i say nandos was a bit cheeky but not in the good way. this was a far cry from the service at places in other parts of the uk and a wake up call as our first london eatery. chicken was ok but not nearly as good as what you can find in the united states. everything there is over priced as well. add the rude service that seems to care not about helping you and you get three stars. their menu and ordering system is a bit convoluted as well... knocking this down another star. i don't recommend this experience. go get a pizza or something if you want fast food the food is amazing and the price is reasonable. i came here twice during my week long vacation in london. i ordered the peri peri wings medium with the spicy rice and corn. amazing! my cousin is studying aboard in london and frequents this restaurant. the service is also great. the mango quencher is a must have. me, my family and my friends all love going to nando's when we're in the uk. delicious chicken at an ok price, good for families and those on a budget. there is a seperate childrens menu with a value meal.this location has the same feel as other nando's, but it's not as cramped as others i've been to.i recommend getting 1/4th chicken, rice and garlic bread, my favourite!if you like chicken, you can't go wrong with nando's! and if you're loving the peri-peri sauce (which you probably will) you can buy some to take home as well. yes it's a chain, yes it's basically fast food, but it was delicious! we stopped in for a late lunch after several hours of sightseeing. it was everything we wanted--cheap, tasty and fast. service was great, too! can you bring nando's to la? had always wanted to go to nandos if in london. went one evening in june. good food. fast service. great portions. variety of sauces if required. apparently nando's is pretty popular place in london. sort of fast food ish type of place. you order at the register and the food is delivered to you. they have many sauce and dressing options. i ordered chicken with rice and garlic bread. i must say i wasn't in love or impressed by it as people hyped it up. maybe i didn't order the correct dish but when i tried to ask what was popular to the waitress i didn't receive much of a response. my friend is vegetarian so she got the salad with garlic bread. she really enjoyed her salad as it tasted fresh and the dressing was good. don't get me wrong my experience wasn't bad but i just didn't see what the hype was as it was okay. what a neat little place. they keep it simple, fun, and don't compromise on flavor. being 4k miles from home, finding comfort food can be quite a challenge. i'm one super lucky lady... i can see nando's from my living room window. anytime i need a piece of home, i am only a few feet away from happiness. they offer a little something for those of us who aren't able to partake in the chicken feasting. in the uk, i've found it a bit challenging to find a selection of good vegetarian meals. nando's has nailed it!! the beanie burger was down right tasty! the peri-peri drizzle over houmous... oh goodness, it's heavenly! the fino coleslaw is a must try. don't knock it till you've rocked it. for the meat-a-tarians of the bunch, everyone around me was snarfing up their food so fast, it had to have been scrumptious. it certainly looked it. i am looking forward to many many many more visits to nando's. hopefully they'll have sangria next time. can't wait to try some!! can i please open a franchise in nyc? love this place. such a nice treat every time i'm in london. must try! yummy, quick meal with tons of options! chicken was moist, not at all dry, and there are sauces on the side so you can help yourself. average prices and good for those looking for gluten free options. casual dining and quick service. a must-go when in uk. you can't come back from london without having to try nando's chicken.i think nando's was one of the best restaurants i've been to while at london. i loved the peri peri chicken which i got at the highest level of spicyness. and to be honest, i'm not even a big fan of chicken. however, the chicken at nando's was so tender and well-seasoned, and went great with their variety of sauces.i highly recommend going to nando's at least once while at london. this was a quick and delicious meal. i wasn't crazy about the coleslaw side but the chicken and mash were great. pretty much all the chicken flavours and sauces were good. but the spicy is pretty firey! even the mild sauces have a bit of kick. meh. i love nando's in the us, but this one here was just not all that. not sure if they do different spices, or make the food more plainn - but it was not nearly as flavourful. while studying abroad in london, i lived a block from this nando's and literally came here 3 times a week! the food is simply amazing! pretty much anything you order will be delicious. my all time favorites are the garlic bread and the chicken burger dipped in my go-to spicy garlic peri peri sauce. i'm drooling just thinking about this! can there be nando's everywhere in the us too, please? average prices, tastes pretty good. cheeky nando's definitely lives up to its reputation for good food that you just can't resist! i'll be coming back to nando's every few weeks with the looks of things. it's not the cheapest place out there, but it's certainly unique and you won't get food like theirs many other places. quality is great, prices are acceptable for what you usually get. only thing i'd take a star off for is that it sometimes takes over half an hour for your food to arrive, especially when it's busy. ate there while in london. wandered from the holiday inn near by and stumbled across this nandos. what a great little chain, as we found out. the chicken with it's portuguese spices was different than anything we've had in the states. the side dishes we had were the rice and chips. great seasonings.priced well and fast. loved it!i wished we had these in the us. they do, but only in the dc virginia area. they need to expand to the midwest and southwest where chile-based dishes are popular.when we're back in london, we'll be sure to check out nando's again. i end up having lunch at this place, the lady welcome us and sit us, took our orders and had a great meal! all good, fresh and warm food were served cheeky nandos. :pchicken is all this place is really known for.the butterfly chicken at highest spice isn't bad, except i would probably recommend other people to go for low or medium spice since i am pretty used to eating really spicy stuff my whole life, and the chicken was still a tiny bit spicy for me.i can't call it fast food, but i can't call it fancy either, so i will settle to call it, "casual"?not pricey, in my opinion at least, and is a great place to go when visiting london since portuguese food is rare in america.it closes very late. would not recommend to work there for the 11:30 pm shift. fries are a bit dry, nothing special there, but anyways, this is a portuguese restaurant and not a belgian restraint right? who am i kidding. it was a fine place and would recommend other people to it. nando's is great! they have a nice variety of chicken. i like to think of it as a "healthier, nice" option to buffalo wild wings. flavors were great and sides were pretty good. sangria was super tasty though not very alcoholic. however note- london is not home to nando's! someone told me it was and duh it's not. they have it in the states.	1	0	1	0	0
 it's hipster hooters! no, there isn't any heaving cleavage. it's all replaced by 'ironic' ceramic sex shop blow up doll heads, complete with a candle in her wide open mouth. ooooooh there are tons of other hipster accoutrements too. beards? tick. backwards baseball hats? double tick. tattoos? tick again! it's like playing hipster bingo - it's a winner all around. especially if you're on a lads' night out. and that goes for the food too. yummy burgers and awesome skinny fries will make you come back for more. they even have that awful french's mustard on the tables that probably isn't 'america's favorite' but who cares? the food works and is delicious. definitely a keeper. if you can stomach the coolness factor. i read in an article to come here for the monkey fingers (chicken strips/nuggets). they were good but to me they tasted like buffalo sauce, so i'm not sure how their buffalo sauce would compare. because of the resemblance to buffalo sauce they personally were not for me. i did like the meat quality and cut of meat! we also had the chips with beer cheese dip which was really good!perfect drunk late night food! i liked the decor of the restaurant and the overall atmosphere. the vibe at this place takes you by surprise. it does have a creepy factor to it but that is the experience you are going for when you come here. the food is pretty good too if you are in the mood for a burger or wings. it is an interesting menu to say the least. this place was recommended to me by a friend. i visited during lunch time and the place was empty, but that didn't stop me from admiring the decor of the place--which was a former church or shelter. the jalapeo burger had the right amount of spice and it was super tasty. i recommend coming in for lunch as they offer a free beverage during early hours. wow, what a bizarre concept. kind of a stained glass church graveyard interior design scheme, loud music, range of burgers, fries with stuff on them, chicken wings, a mediocre greek salad, ok coleslaw, range of creatively named cocktails, a few ok beers. super slow service. really don't understand why anyone would even be vaguely excited about it. i've eaten at their other locations, but for this one i've only ordered takeaway so i can only comment on the food. i've had the dead hippie several times and can attest that it's still the best burger in the city! modeled after in-and-out's double double animal style, this is just an amazingly simple burger. they get everything right. from the bun and lettuce to the onions and secret sauce. and of course that juicy and charred patty. the chili fries, buffalo wings, onion wings, all of it is anywhere from solid good to amazing. you really can't go wrong but always coming back to that dead hippie. this is meant to be the epitome of burgers and while it was a great burger i can't say that it was the best burger i have ever had.the decor is actually quite interesting (church-like) and the service is ok. this can be a great starting point for an evening out in shoreditch, i even like the area the restaurant is in. when this place 1st opened it was the height of the burger craze and this was one of the best places to experience it.i've been here many times with friends and it's always good. i'm not sure it's quite as good as it used to be and they've certainly expanded aggressively all over london, but it's always a solid option.i've tried most of the menu and i can vouch for the slaw and the onion rings. both are very good, perhaps the slaw wins. i also recently tried the chicken wings which were good- although i always thing messing up wings should be a crime.other than that, you can't go wrong with the dirty hippy or the dirty chicken burger.i did however hear from one of my dining companions that the deep fried mac and cheese wasn't that great and that the sauce they put with it was a weird combination, so maybe stay away from that side! really great burgers! the menu is nice and simple. the presentation comes in line with what you expect. the decor in this place is like an abandoned church. really cool. it can get quite loud in the area where there is a communal table. thankfully we were sitting in the quieter area. if you like meat you will like this place! loud, grungy, and delicious.this place is popular - i always have to wait here, even on a recent tuesday night around 9pm. the bar takes up a good chunk of space, but at least it's usually possible to elbow your way in and get a beer. they have some decent liquor, but the cocktails i've had have been passable rather than delicious. the music is loud, the crowd often kind of rowdy, and everybody's packed in on top of each other.all of that is sometimes a bit much, but i have a soft spot for their burgers. they remind me just enough of in n out burger in california, where i used to go in between sessions of burning out my eyeballs staring at the computer screens in the basement of soda hall at berkeley. and the fries are wonderfully greasy and salty, with mcdonalds-style skinny crispiness. my wife keeps wanting to try the wings, which look pretty good too, but i can't go in there and not order a burger and fries. and i keep going back. i'd been hearing about this place for months, so i was pretty excited to go for a burger before a gig at hoxton square last night. i loved the interior -- so quirky and cozy. we didn't have a reservation, but were seated right away, even though the place was definitely busy.despite it being in a church, it wasn't exactly the religious experience i was hoping for. our server was really sweet, the cocktail was delicious and the atmosphere was great. plates might've been nice, but whatever. i would've given 5 stars if one or both of the things below didn't happen:1. don't get the green chilli burger unless you like your esophagus immediately ablaze and a 3am rummage for rennies. look, i am from southern california -- i know spicy. i put the hottest hot sauce on everything. spicy is a way of life and usually, i laugh in the face of uk "spicy", so when the menu read "spicy chilli butter", i said "let's do this."but what they don't tell you is it's not spicy green chilli butter, it's spicy red chilli butter and it was hotter than satan's taint. yes, there were luscious piles of green chillis on top, but those are the mildest chillis on the planet. if you call it a green chilli burger, then say it has chilli butter on it, the assumption is that it's green chilli butter. it caused me physical pain. my tongue went numb, my lips were on fire, my throat was searing and i only had one bite. given that everything in the uk that's spicy is usually quite mild, a little flame or star or "hey bitch, you've been warned!" on the menu would've been nice.2. i don't usually gripe about dissatisfied meals to servers in london, especially in shoreditch, because i'd been told where to shove an especially fatty porkchop once, but our server was nice and my burger was basically inedible. i sweetly asked our server after having only one bite, if i could swap it for something else because nobody warned me it would be that hot. to his credit, he asked management if he could take it off my bill, but was told no. so if i wanted something else, it would come out of my own pocket.i don't mean to be that american here, but c'mon. it would've cost them a couple pounds at *most* to replace the burger and make me a happy, meat-munching customer, prepared to leave a 5-star review, but instead, he brought me a new top bun (not even a whole new bun) and i had to scrape off every single thing on the burger into a paper towel, so i was left with no cheese, no condiments, nothing. just a burger. which was still saturated with spicy chilli butter. i ate it because i had to pay for it, but i physically regretted it and left feeling resentful. the burger itself was cooked well and had it not been like eating the sun, i would've been really happy with the food.my girlfriend got the dead hippie which was delicious and seemed modeled after the infamous double double animal style of in-n-out in the states, so you can't go wrong there. the cheese fries were really good, though i would've preferred grilled onions or something -- raw was a bit harsh.one tiny clarification on the menu could help future customers from feeling the burn, so to speak. our server was ace, but management should've conceded here. i wasn't ranting, i wasn't a jerk, i couldn't have been sweeter about it -- i'm not saying the customer is always right, but a little concession here and there won't break the bank.overall, i'd go again and get something else, but the poor customer service left a bad taste in my mouth. dead hippy burger was really disappointing - indiscriminate flavours, bun a bit stale, and totally fell apart. wife's chicken burger was worse yet, just a big mess of batter and sauce. fries would have been good but for the heart stopping amount of salt - 30 minutes on and lips still burning.daughter dropped a glass of water on the floor so i wiped it up using their paper towels - they were literally black after a quick wipe. absolutely filthy.plus draft beer sold in 2/3 pints - i don't need a fraction of a beer. meat mission is a dim, dingy place with a gothic stain-glass ceiling in hoxton. its a mixture of communal and booth seating. i had their dirty chicken burger with fries, both were good. fried mac&cheese sticks were the best i've tried. vanilla malt milkshake was malty and lovely but i felt not the highest quality of ice-cream had been used. service was good except for 1 guy who was arguing with me about their reservation policy i had gone through myself and he was telling me things which weren't true. for the record, no reservations past 6.45pm. monday evening was quiet enough for walk-ins though. his attitude, the small milkshake and the like warm chips mean i won't be back. out of all of the meat liquor branches around london, this one in hoxton is one of the best. i love love love it! the food here is such a great price as i know full well that other restaurants charge 3-5 for food that is not as good as the food they dish up in meat mission.their signature dead hippie sauce is delicious, a yummy mayonnaise rendition, and their fried chicken in their chicken burgers is so crispy and the chicken breast is so meaty and you know it's not full of water or bits of chicken you'd rather not be eating!their chilli cheese fries were also very impressive! the chilli meat on top was full of flavour with tomatoes, and the cheese on top with jalapenos was such a great mixture of delicious tastes.the venue is unique too with great surroundings and friendly and helpful staff.overall, i highly highly recommend eating here in the meat mission in hoxton. go for it! visited this restaurant twice during a trip to london from the us. i ordered the monkey fingers a.k.a chicken fingers and cajun fries. some friends who have traveled to london in the past forewarned me about the chicken in the u.k. telling me it tasted different but meat mission did not leave me disappointed. i loved the chicken and especially the sauce which reminded me of a hot buffalo sauce. i also loved the cajun fries. you get a lot of chicken so don't worry about the portion size. you could actually share with another person. it's also very affordable which explains, in part, why i visited twice during my week long trip in london. i definitely recommend this spot. great for a small group because seating fills up quickly during the night based on my two visits. went here the other day with a friend for dinner. we had to wait around 20 minutes for a table but it was okay because we found a seat at the bar. it was very busy and lots of people around but great atmosphere! the waitress gave us 2 complimentary shots for a mix up, which was really lovely. food was good, the same as meat liquor but all delicious. my dirty chicken burger was huge and meat wasn't dry at all. i will definitely be going back again, it's a great place to take someone who is new to london or just visiting as well! yet another burger, well a holy burger in this case!meatmission looks like one of the fashionist, they-tried-too-much-to-be-fancy shoreditch's kind of place.well it actually is, but proper food and good beers make me willing to come again, even waiting half an hour at the bar at 22:30 on a friday night!the interior is reminding of a church (i actually know the place was an actual church, but don't take my words as granted) but it's not too pushing in that direction... it's kind of cool actually, they could have done much worse! beer is served in glass or (more properly) in jars you can spill it by yourself, and i love the idea! i like to have the sharing jar of beer, and because of the number of good beers they have this is a reason why i'll get back here again! food is served on big trays, directly on paper cloths (yes, even the chicken nuggets were directly on the cloth!). in conclusion, not a place for your parents.but the food is actually good, almost really good, the monkey fingers were nicely hot but without being hurting and the burger (as many suggested, go for the dead hippies the first time!) was deliciously rare they get straight to the top 3 of my burger top spots, without even asking for directions! good job meat mission! we had a pandapay test event here few months back and the staff were extremely nice and professional. lot of places when i ask for a virgin bloody marry they first look at me funny and then i get just tomato juice, not here! they really made me a superbly delicious bloody marry with all the stops.for food i tried their greek salad with "house recipe" and wings, superb as well and served real hipster style on old school plates. i'll be be back here for sure ... :) after the meet up at happiness forgets we were hungry and after a fast survey we knew we were after some meat, so yinnie suggested we head on over to meat mission, look at that, it's what we wanted in its name! found out on our way over that it's a hamburger joint, i thought oh my 1st meal in london will be a hamburger but after the cocktail a burger sounded great!after a fast 2 minute walk we were inside the meat mission, now the door on the outside is dark and just says meat on it, i would have walked by on my own not knowing what waiting for me inside.meat mission is amazing!! mind blowing, when you 1st walk in your eyes take in soo much, from the stained glass ceiling, to the paintings on the wall, to the bar in the center of the place to the hunky hostess working his mostest (yep that's a word, i typed it lol and he had the cutest dimples ever, would love to have taken him home, but sadly i wasn't leaving for the states anytime soon so i left him be haha) this place rocks! we had about a 30 minute wait before we could get seat so we made our way to the bar, i cant even recall the name of the drink i ordered but it came in a martin glass, tasted like that lemon/lime fizz candy used to eat as a kid, it was soo good and refreshing, couldn't tell it was a drink, i'm sure that lil fella could get me in trouble haha.got our table and it was time to look over the menu, by the way, the menu itself a work of art, totally going to the church of burger and about to get our praise on! amen bring me the beef! before i tell yall what i ordered, i was told by "they" that food in the uk is bland, no flavor, no heat, so i was prepared to be without spice for a few days, but when i saw on the menu they had a green chili cheeseburger, i thought i died and went to heaven, oh wait i am in the church of beef, so they must have heard my prayers from abroad to make sure some things pack some heat!the green chili cheeseburger was a great beefy patty, cheese, red onions, pickles, lettuce, mustard, catsup and chili butter, i wasn't sure what chili butter was but i though eh why not, the burger came out and it looked amazing! i think the hamburger gods were smiling on me because this chili butter holy damn that stuff is amazballs!!! so damn good! this was hands down one of the best burgers i have had in a while, yes meat mission i am here to praise you!! had great company, great food, so glad to have stopped by this place! all the greatness of meatliquor but a little brighter and a little quieter. (sometimes you want to see the people you're eating with) never not good, excellent burgers, bingo wings, and the more recent sambal wings are epic. brooklyn on draft. and i've never once had to queue. the service in this place was abysmal. our server only appeared *once* at our table. she took our order and said "your food won't be out for shelf hour." then, she literally never came back. we watched her sit at the bar on her phone. the food came out by way of a fella from the kitchen. no mention ever of another round of drinks, water, nothing. all finished off by another server dropping off our bill saying "we close in five minutes," rushing us to pay, adding a 10% service fee to our bill. we embarrassingly had to request the fee to be removed.food was fine, but didn't make my head spin. i don't live in london, but if i did i would never go back. heaven. this place is heaven.i just have good things to say about this place. the staff is amazing, easygoing and caring (there is a blonde girl, super nice! i don't know her name. she totally rocks!) they always have a smile in their faces (at least with me!).i love the menu. it is really simple but so original. just a few burgers, sides and some desserts. not really complicated. they also have a good selections of beers and cocktails. i specially love the jars deals: it is possible to order beer or cider in a big jar (you can order 1,2 or 3 pints) it is really convenient if you want to drink with your friends or colleagues! (and quite cheap as well)and what about the food? i have no words...one of my top five places to have the best burgers in london. delicious, mouthwatering and...no words! the sides are good: the fries are not a big deal, but they have some kind of spicy chicken wings with blue cheese dressing, omg! seriously. to die for.last but not least. the decoration. rock and roll and purgatory get well together. what can i say? it's my kind of place. everyone is chilling, no worries, good food and a lot of beer!you can find me there almost every week :) overpriced and disappointing, and further proof, if you needed it, that there's nothing worth doing in shoreditch any more.18.50 for a very small cheeseburger and a 12oz milkshake with a shot of bourbon in it. the food tasted good but no one gives a shit how good it is when you get such a pathetic amount. maybe people come here for the bragging rights rather than to eat?front of house were a bit clueless and needed persuading, at 4:30pm, to let me have a table that was reserved from 6:30pm on. maybe this was their first day (in the service industry?)the gilbert and george ripoff on the ceiling misses the point with its asymmetry. they shoot for dive bar chic but the only stickers and graffiti are on the cigarette bins outside, and it's all the same sticker advertising the in-house meat liquor radio station whose djs can be seen in a gallery overlooking the food area, and while they have in house djs, they do not have a live music license so the only way you can hear the radio station is to go home and tune in online.completely incompetent. a great all around place to eat. i've been countless times and love the monkey fingers and burgers here. the milkshake is a little disappointing and seems pre made. this place does insane meat portions and all at good value. it gets super packed, and seems super trendy too. i'm going to start this review with downsides on a rare occasion. the staff were busy but seemed as if they have no real idea what was going on. we had booked a table, but still had to wait. seems that booking makes no difference as all the tables were full and we simply had to wait till a table came free. there was no real personality to the service and despite asking if the bingo wings were spicy, were told they weren't despite a friend being unable to eat spicy stuff. a flat out lie. nor did the inability to get the bill after 3 requests impress either. this said however, it was down to the food to represent. and represent they did.we ordered bingo wings and monkey fingers for our sides. essentially buffalo wings and turkey drummer style, they were nothing special, but the quantities were good.. eating on a converted church or missionary, it's quite a surreal place. it almost felt like i was in an episode of sister act, expecting somebody to break out in song at any time. if there is a church of hipster, it would be located here.the mains are where it's at though. the buffalo chicken burger is packed to overfilling with blue cheese, deep fried chicken, lettuce and onions wasn't the tastiest i've ever had, but it was the largest and messiest. if you can't be the best, be the biggest and messiest.to me, that's a signal of intent. fantastic burgers. but loses a star for raw onion on the cheese fries. they really love raw onion, it's on almost every dish, and their menu warns you it's there so you can ask to skip it, but i didn't spot "onion" on the cheese fries menu entry, that's an unexpected horror that ruined it. and it loses another star because at this price you should use free range / organic / animal welfare kinda meat and they don't. i've visited several of yanni's establishments since my first trip to the second wagon. in fact i directly credit that one burger to making me realise that i don't want everything well done!but i've been to meatliquor and have been disappointed - the service there is pants and it's so dark that we didn't notice one time that they brought us the wrong burger till the first bite.so, with trepidation we went to the mission. first off - the interior. massive improvement co paired to liquor, there's more than two lightbulbs! the ceiling is frankly amazing and i think it's brilliant how they've kept the original features.now the food. i had a dead hippie. i first had one back at the pop up meateasy, and i can vividly remember the taste - it's never been as good since. but half of the burger i got at the mission was so perfectly seasoned as to remind me for the first time of that amazing burger. on that single note this is five stars alone.very happy with the mission. now it's my mission to return - goodbye meatliquor, i've run off with your sister! my mission was to find a cool and affordable restaurant in shoreditch. many yelp elites had recommended this place and after a look on the website my fiance and i were sure. this place will be our (meat) mission! meat mission is nearby hoxton square and you can recognize the words meat or mission in red letters. i was glad that i had booked a table, because this place is very popular! it is located in an old church and the walls and ceiling are decorated with cool art! the atmosphere is very cool and relax and the people are a mix of hipsters, business peeps and down-to-earth peeps. staff is friendly and quick.i have food allergies and it can be a challenge when you are allergic to both milk and soy. forgive me, father! i need to check this place out and yolo! we ordered the garbage plate, chili fries and the dead hippie. the food was excellent but maybe too much. my stomach was a garbage and i was almost a dead hippie but hey, i know worse places and food;-)! i don't like the food. noo, i love the food! especially the garbage plate with fries, meat, gravy, onions, cheese, and so on was dangerously good! the dead hipster hamburger and the chili fries were also good. this version of chili fries had a different taste and the usa versions. this one had more meat and is a bit spicy. you pay between 6 and 10 per dish but the portions are really huge. that is not expensive!my fiance and i decided to go to this awesome place every week...oh wait..we are living in amsterdam and there is no meat mission here, boohoo! i should have a meat mission to open a second restaurant in amsterdam;-). in the meanwhile i'll be back at meat mission in london...soon! slipping away from the magaluf like strip where the heathens of hoxton square hang out, hoxton 'market' is however a more subdued, cobbled causeway away from the crazy. however, bless my soul, on entering meat mission you'll find a den just as sacrilegious. think the theme of madonna's like a virgin video with skulls and barnyard owls on a impressive stained glass effect ceiling! cosy looking booths cling to the edges where patrons are lubricated into wipe down scalloped seating, with the sheer amount of oil in the atmosphere easing eaters in to their troughs, sorry tables. our party had a biblically long bench in the centre of the mission hall. god help you hear in the dj'd din, but sitting down trying to concentrate on a cocktail list 5 pages long, i have to commend my burgerette for her saintly patience and *the most expensive* recommendations. turning to the back page for the solids, the sustenance, where i was hoping i'd find -the food menu. i wondered if i'd missed the main menu? if perhaps this list at the back was just the bar snacks. nope, that was it; burgers burgers burgers. looking around, confounded by a surreal haze of burgers; sloppy stacks with green dripping off appeared to my left, across the hall a pile of precariously laid out burgers with yellow goop projected over them were slammed down opposite, then a stack of burgers with unidentifiable sauces groaning out of them were slip sliding out of it's captors hands and down his front to my right. despite these frightful sights, i tried to contemplate the menu. but i panicked, nothing seemed worthy or the slightest bit appealing. i was anxious, my forehead was glistening, not with beads of sweat, but the anointment from the oily atmosphere coating my clothes and vision. i felt queasy in a fear and loathing type way, music was blaring, i feared what was going on around me and i was just loathing it. bountiful streams of kitchen roll cascaded around me, waitresses with more trays waded past. i'd like to proclaim, i was looking forward to meat, it was my mission that night to meet and greet some meat. but are burgers and wings really classifiable as 'meat' for someone on a mission? where were the baby back ribs? the steaks? contempt, annulled my appetite. however i didn't want to appear the pariah, or be the one who in protest orders a salad. who'd in a place like this order a salad for fear of being curs-ed and escorted out. realising my glow of sanctimonious unease, i priggishly ordered deep fried pickles dipped in blue cheese. our food arrived on trays, wet handfuls of burgers with flimsy buns dissolving were dispatched around the table, not on plates but on plentiful paper towels. then communion of fries were passed along the congregation the same. my pickles had to be picked up in a tissued hand and placed in front of me, much like how a toddler in a high chair is served. although many enjoyed the festivities and the novelty of dining, returning to such regression, i felt a tots tantrum brewing for the want of the use of a fork.as not to sacrifice the enjoyment of my evening, i continued communion with the sangiovese to calm my infernal delirium for which i give an offering of one star.by the end of our congregations meal seating, most faces were aglow with not greasy satiation but the light with which we were checking our phones. during the terrible dinners din we'd become hoarse and contemplative silence fell when conversation was maddeningly hopeless.feeling the need to be cleansed of this experience, i with the remaining powers of regina invested, put a pillowy setting of tissues down and prayed. "thank you, food gods for what i have had. the cocktail list was splendid. also please bless all the terrified aged parents who's feckless fully grown children suggest taking them to dinner here". i'd only come here again for drinks alone, but feel i have now done my life's pilgrimage to the mission. for all those new that descend into these doors from the broadcast radio's loud call to prayer, a small space for when the spirit of dancing fills the mass wouldn't go amiss. came here on a friday night and was able to get a table with no wait! restaurant was super loud but had a good vibe. tried a variety of the burgers: chicken burger - deliciousgreen chili burger - delicious dead hippie burger - couldn't taste the dead hippie sauce? seemed like a regular burger but a bit dryfries- thin like mcdonald's; decent	0	1	1	0	0
 wife and i were in london westfield mall and i was in the mood for pho. however, we wanted to get back to barnes. low and behold i checked yelp for pho restaurants and lucky me, saigon saigon near hammersmith. this was on the way back to barnes. no detours necessary. as usual you can't go wrong with yelpers! we always deliver home runs. i had the pho soup with prawns. hugh prawns and plentiful. the broth, noodles the entire soup was delicious. the bottle of saigon beer hit the spot. the wife opted for green tea and egg fried rice with veggies. no complaints from her.i just found my new favorite restaurant in london. we ordered pho and summer rolls for dinner, and absolutely enjoyed every bit of it. pho was very flavourful, and they used the medium-thick rice noodles, which i prefer over the fat ones. it also came with a reasonable portion of bean sprouts and other side vegetables, which you learn not to take for granted in london delivery. summer rolls were also very good. i enjoyed the peanut sauce that accompanied it as well. i would order from here or visit in-person in a heartbeat! saigon saigon is a large, bright vietnamese restaurant in ravenscourt park. easy walk from hammersmith or chiswick. the decor is bright and fairly neutral. the staff were warm and welcoming.food-wise we ordered veggie and meat spring rolls which were both excellent. the duck skewers were also flavourful. the beef in betal leaves were the biggest surprise though. super juicy and succulent minced beef with gorgeous seasoning wrapped in leaves and served with noodles, salad, lots of fresh and dried garnishes and a beautiful dipping sauce. a really delicious dish and generous in portion size. for mains, we went for veggie vermicelli bowl, braised aubergine, prawns, peppery steak, pork belly with quails egg, morning glory, rice and plain noodles. everything was full of flavour and again, great portion sizes. the pork was soft and melt in your mouth, the steak was succulent and peppery, the prawns were a touch over-cooked but full of flavour. even the plain noodles were delicious!for drinks were tried the lime juice and the lime iced tea which were both delicious.for the whole meal, including service charge, we paid 130. considering the amount of fod we had and the quality, we were really happy and had take-away boxes for the next day!i hadn't been to this restaurant in many, many years, guess it was a case of it being too local and faded into the back of my mind but it's at the front now and i can't wait to go back, they do a good value lunch menu too. it's worth mentioning that they were busy after 9pm on a tuesday night and were still serving after 10pm so a great late night option too! authentic vietnamese food with lovely decoration, we had a great time there! it's 40 for 2, w ordered two starters, 2 main and fried rice. 12.5% service fee included. really impressive food! the pho is many times better than the chain restaurant pho, and cheaper! the starters are my favorites (fried spring rolls and meetballs, which go perfectly well with coriander) i'll defo come back again! miss the food already!fyi: it's close to kew gardens which is worth a lovely visit. saigon saigon+kew garden gives you a relaxing getaway:) i love vietnamese food, but i have had it at the chains with amazing food but limited choice. saigon saigon is a place we tried accidentally...no reviews read, no recommendations by friends. did we stumble on a gold pot or what?the menu is extensive to the extent of being spoilt for choice (read confusing). i chose a prawn starter and chickn for mains. loved it all. the prawn especially - grilled prawn flesh on sugarcane! the whole diy, roll your own prawn spring roll made it fun and yumm. the husband had mackerel and mr. fussy-about-fish said it was the best mackerel he had eaten in a restaurant in the longest time. food here seems as authentic as it can get!enjoyed our experience thoroughly. staff is friendly and warm. only negative would be being served regular green tea in the name of "vietnamese organic tea". otherwise, a must go for a first timer and must go again for someone like me. service improved, loved the food, had a wonderful time. and they acknowledged it was my birthday. thank you! found this restaurant after a long day of traveling. had the squid appetizer, beef pho, the ginger chicken in clay pot and the bun bo hue (my husband is vietnamese) everything was delicious and the portions were perfect. we also had tea, 2 soft drinks an orange juice and a vietnamese coffees. dinner was 61 euros, all and all it was a very satisfying meal. all in all it was another very pleasant meal at saigon saigon, service is a lot better than most vietnamese restaurants in similar priced brackets. in terms of the food, don't expect any real firework or exceptional quality, this place is more about classical vietnamese cooking done properly at a reasonable price. with starters ranging around 7 and mains around 11, it is indeed pretty good value for money and it is perhaps the best vietnamese restaurant hammersmith has to offer. edible, but not worth a return visit. my husbands lunch (chicken satay and bo kho) was quite heavy and dull. my lunch (vegetable rolls and pho) was deep fried and unauthentic. maybe growing up in california spoiled me, but to me pho has never meant a small bowl of beef broth, a few noodles and onions and a couple pieces of low quality meat. where are my herbs, sprouts, limes and chilies? where are the flavours?we left hungry and disappointed. saigon saigonprompt service. good flavors. extensive menu.spring rolls: delishwould not order chicken satay again.shredded pork in chilli was my favourite.chicken curry: sauce is a classical asian. very nice. my son loved.pho soup: the original. sizzling prawns with scallops and squid: excellent sauce spicyfull. desserts are surprisingly worth the detour. flanc is a delight. sticky rice authentic. will return. this place offers some of this best service we have had in london. the food was good - not the best pho i have had (the best was in paris).we ordered the steamed rice rolls as a starter and they were good but the pork sausage on top of the rolls scared me. it looked like bologna, so i stayed as far away from it as possible. i don't know what i was expecting but the steamed rice rolls were not what i was expecting, in any way, shape or form.i ordered the pho with beef and as stated in previous reviews, the portion size was much smaller than i was accustomed to, however, i was full after eating half of the steamed rice rolls and the entire bowl of pho. also, the "toppings" for the pho were lacking. first, there was no mint. second, there were only a few chili slices and literally six bean sprouts. so, overall, they could increase the amount of toppings but the pho was good. i'd totally order it again.my husband ordered the stir fried spicy beef with rice noodles and he said it was't that great but since this isn't his review, i'm not going to incorporate his opinion on his main! i will say that he had food envy, however.i'm excited to return to saigon saigon on a cold (and probably rainy) day and slurp down a delicious bowl of pho sometime in the future. best pho i've ever had, although i wish they had hoisin sauce. i asked for hoisin and sriracha at the counter, but i don't think the employee knew what hoisin sauce was so he only handed me sriracha. aside from that i thought the texture of the noodles was really great, and i thought the lunch specials were decently priced. i got the chicken satay, which was also pretty good! summary:+ very large restaurant with dark wooden furnishings + high ceilings and chic dcor + excellent food and very reasonable priceoverall: saigon saigon is viet grill of west london. or should i say viet grill is saigon saigon of east london. this is a widely debated topic that divides the capital into left and right. no, not really. but i just find it interesting that two of the great vietnamese restaurants are located at both ends of london. but i personally prefer saigon saigon. here is why... saigon saigon is a gorgeous vietnamese restaurant in west london that has the grandeur of french colonial vietnam. food is really good and portion is not particularly small. but they somehow keep the prices pretty reasonable. i want to know how they manage that. wait, maybe i don't wanna know. surrounded by the gorgeous dcor, you can dine like a tycoon and pay like umm a buffoon??? my silly pun aside, their cost performance is amazing. i'm not vietnamese but my vietnamese friends speak highly of this place too. (borrowing authority) i have only come here for dinner but i've heard their lunch is really good value for money. one day. when i have friends coming over from out of town, i try to take them to this place. i don't always succeed, as it's not very conveniently located. but when i do manage to lure them out here, people always enjoy the food and dining experience. i was in london this past summer for a week and was craving vietnamese food halfway through, so i yelped and this place came up.this restaurant is quite large considering other small restaurants and cafes i've seen around the area and it had a warm and cozy ambiance.they had a lot of menu items and i ordered the spring rolls and bun bo hue.the spring rolls were delicious. it reminded me of my mom's, which made me miss home cooking. the bun bo hue was decent, but really small. that bowl cost about $15, so it definitely wasn't worth the price to me. that small bowl was probably smaller than a small bowl here in the states, which is super small. but everything in the uk was smaller portions, so i guess i can't really complain.other than pricing and portion of food being a disadvantage for me, everything else was great. service was good, food tasted just like a home cooked meal, and the atmosphere was great. i came back again when i had to stay in the area for a night before flying back to the states. definitely hit the spot. gooooodmorning vietnam was yelled on the air by r. williams , and hello saigon saigon should be yelled by us all! in my opinion this place is just that good! lets get some, imho, less important things out of the way before i attest for what is really important, that being the food! the saigon saigon is a nicely decorated, well designed and spacious place yielding to a great ambiance that together with prompt, professional, friendly and capable service ensures your dinning experience to be nothing but good. now lets move on to what makes the entire experience great which is the food. i am not a fan of pho, but this is the place for you pho lovers as i find the broth to be the best i had outside vietnam. you still get the chance to flavor your pho according to your taste but right out of the kitchen it is great.don't get me wrong, i do love fried things, but at saigon saigon the freshly made, wraps or rolls in rice papers are the way to go, however the well balanced sourness of the grilled tumeric white fish makes it another worthy contender. lotus root salad with prawn and beef is another starter i would highly recommend. but if you looking to share why not try a meal really for two and get the char grilled prawn meat wrapped on sugar cane, juicy and aromatic.seriously well balanced, well seasoned, slightly sweetened by coconut beef on fire is what will make you come back to this place again and again and again. but when and if you ever get tired of it you can always rely on duck breast with pineapple & green pepper in tamarind sauce or sweet & sour battered snapper with green peppers.in regards of noodles i found the fried ones be less great but this is only due the fact that they go somewhat soggy laying in the sauces at the end. but don't worry portion-wise the size is great so getting to the end of your plate will take some time and usually you are full by then. the fat rice noodle dishes are my all time favorites, there is just something heavenly with fat noodles and at saigon saigon they are cooked to perfection and al dente. dinner for two, with this level of quality and taste, anywhere between 40 to 60 depending on what you choose as to drink including the service charge of 12.5% is in my book a find. and considering the fact that i haven't even yet mention the generous, tasty and playful steamboats, or as some call it vietnamese fondue, for around 20 to gather around and enjoy as couples makes it hard not to say hello to saigon saigon again and gain and again! great beef soup, unlike the traditional american style pho, it's smaller portion but tasty good sized portions, great taste and very reasonable prices (mains are 7-10). we had the papaya prawn salad, 5 spiced chargrilled chicken with rice and the pork vermicelli bowl. all were really tasty.the wine was cheap but flat, if you skip the wine and go for beer you shouldn't go wrong here.left feeling very satisfied, will definitely come back. very big restaurant so you can just turn up. been there a couple of times and the food has been top notch every time. service is friendly and efficient. reasonable price and nice atmosphere. i love this place. and pho. while this place does not have the absolute best pho i've had (that's in la... like most of my asian food experiences...), it is pretty darn good for london. it doesn't hurt that it's not far from my house either :)the bowl of pho isn't very large, which is sad, but it's fine by london standards. i think it's just under 8 for a bowl. i usually am full after sharing a large starter and having the pho after. the broth is pretty flavorful, though there isn't as much beef as i'd like. also, they don't have sriracha, but instead have a different chili sauce. i also always order more chili sauce and hoisin since it's never enough. the hoisin is also kind of a more bland one than i'm used to, but it'll do. the starters are more expensive (6-7) than i would think, given how reasonable the rest of the mains are, but they're not tiny so that eases the pain a bit.i've also had:- steamed rice rolls with minced pork and mushroom: douse it in fish sauce. i usually order this with my friend- spring rolls: solid, but not my first choice- duck salad: super yummy!- vermicelli bowl with spring rolls and grilled pork meatballs: lovely in summer or as an alternative to pho if you'd still like something noodley. i'd ask for the fish sauce on the side since sometimes they drown it. - stewed pork with caramel sauce in clay pot: really flavorful pork dish that's delicious with rice as it's too salty on it's own. i wish the portion was a bit bigger though.bonus is that the staff is very attentive. the decor is nice and for london, this place is pretty good value for money. truly blissful vietnamese food. not the cheapest, but clearly excellent quality, as the crowds will attest. seriously, book ahead and request a table against a wall, away from the bustling 'highways' with diners and waiting staff whizzing by.i've never had better green papaya salad. at around 8.50, it had bloody better be good as a starter, and it is. then go for the seafood soup which is astonishingly good, and i also like the beef in coconut hot pot thing.very easy to spend 30 a head just on food here. really fresh and fantastic, with a lovely dark wood ambience. lovely decor, great atmosphere, excellent service, fantastic food! highly recommended! vury tasty local spot. cool decor and attentive staff as well. a bit pricier than some of the other neighborhood spots, but definately worth a visit. simply the best vietnamese food i've ever tried in london so far!!the food portion is generous and full of flavour. you can enjoy a high quality dining with a good ambience & great customer service at a reasonable price.p.s worth trying out the desert menu this place knocked my socks off - everything was sooo delicious. highly recommend the beef wraps and pho aaaand the something with shrimp and greens....all amazing. the staff are excellent and attentive and very sweet. very fairly priced. we like it here, elegant and ideal for an intimate meal for two. an extensive menu allows you to choose carefully whilst taking in the wonderful ambience and charm of this place with little oils burning candles glowing in the otherwise dim lighting add to the mood. when your food arrives it is very well presented and matches the dcor in terms of attention to detail and a wiliness to please. great attention to detail is therefore the key to this restaurant along with an authentique and romantic atmosphere and the food is shown as much care as do the excellent waiting staff. if you are looking to impress, order a taxi to take you there, take a small present as a token of your love and make the most of what is a wonderful place for couples. we love this place and eat here regularly.fabulous decor, extensive menu (that we are still exploring), great service and decent prices. have only had one dish so far we didn't like.i highly recommend the sweet potato curry, the sizzling fish and my all time fave, the morning glory. i popped in for lunch today, as i was craving a bun salad and summer rolls. my lunch deal was 9.50 (plus a whopping 12.5% gratuity{we're in london, you better work your ass off to earn that dang tip!}) for:a bun salad bowl, 2 small summer rolls, and a glass of ice tea. i don't really have any complaints, the food was tasty and portioned right for lunch, the service was perfectly fine(the older gentleman who served me even put my napkin on my lap!?) and my tea wasn't over steeped or too weak. i've also been for dinner, and enjoyed my meal very much. freshly made lime tea was also a huge plus that night.saigon saigon will remain a decent standby vietnamese place for when i can't be bothered to be adventurous. my first foray into vietnamese food was at saigon saigon (i've tried it a number of other places since), and this place made me a convert. good atmosphere, straightforward but delicious food, and friendly service make this a sure bet.i'll include a specific endorsement for the beef on fire. they served thin-sliced, slightly sweet (coconut juice, i think) beef in a hot pot with a mix of vegetables, and it was seasoned just enough to be delicious when accompanied by rice. i have been wanting to eat at this place for well over a year. for the last three years i have been on the hunt for good vietnamese food in london since i had fallen head over heals in love with vietnamese food when i went to vietnam in 2009... the fresh healthy flavours, fresh mint, cilantro, and spices are always pure bless. saigon saigon is just the place... attractive interior, nice staff, amazing flavours, large range of traditional vietnamese food... hits all the right spots... i will be coming back again soon.. great pho:) what about saigon saigon?* i could tell you about the wooden and gold decor, but you could look at the pictures yourself.* i could tell you about the vietnamese waiters, but we were served by indian guys.* i could tell you about the vietnamese food we had, but - truthfully, honesty, 1 month later - i don't remember any of it.	0	0	1	0	0
 very much recommendable. centrally located near hyde park and easy to access. i was able to get a booking for two very short term for a friday night, but i guess i was a bit lucky also. the food is truly excellent, absolutely fresh and served quickly - which brings me to the best part: the service was amazing, fast, polite and professional. pricing was adequate i would say adequate, considering the whole experience. i am definitely going there again, next time with more people. thankserwin we searched for good indian restaurants in the london area quite a bit when we spent a week there in may 2017. we came across zaika and decided to give it a try. we knew it was pricey, but the ambiance seemed nice from the photos online and what the heck, we were on a holiday so a little splurging was fine !!first off: this place is classy !! i haven't seen another indian restaurant with a better ambiancethe food tasted good, but the quantity was less. but to be fair, we found that food quantity was less pretty much everywhere in london, so that is a norm i guess. the drink options were good too and we(me and my wife and 6 months old) spent a couple of hours there and had a great time and a few conversations to remember ;)overall, if you are looking to spend quality time in an upscale environment, this is the place.. don't go there if you cant let you pocket strigs lose though. will be returning when we return to london.incredible service, best service we had in all of our stay. truly blew us away. the atmosphere was also so pleasant! so many plants and beautiful drawings on the walls. fiance wasn't sure he would like indian food, but was sold after the vegetarian trio appetizer from here! also a tip: get a cocktail, they are boozy and tasty! stumbled upon this fantastic find! best chicken tandoori of our lives! service from stephen was the top! very good food...i had the chicken marsala w/butter nunn and a special own concocted ice tea...amazing! their meaning of ice tea consists of fruits...pineapple, orange, lemon, simply refreshing n tasty. the chicken marsala had chicken w/a plethora of different spices and flavors (couldn't tell u exactly what spices) but, it was a simple dish w/chicken in a tomato based curry, nothing else.the nunn was a little burnt but, it was still quite yummy.the restaurant is beautiful, the crown moldings in the ceiling was like everything in london, full of character.the servers were fabulous, absolutely attentive, kind and ready to please. loved everything about this place. excellent indian food in an elegant but relaxed dining atmosphere. this spot is full of charm whether it's cause of the friendly staff or the great decor.monkfish kebab (5/5) - incredibly flavorful with just the right spices make this one of the best pieces of monkfish i've ever hadchicken tikka (4/5) - the chicken was very moist and expertly cooked. the sauce was beautiful without being heavy. dishoom may still do this better thoughlaal maas lamb (4/5) - good rendition of this dish. meat wasn't gamey.okra (4/5) - tasty and not slime-y at all. good size portions especially for fine dining. naan (3.5/5) - good but nothing memorable signature cocktails (5/5) - extremely well made and original in recipes that evoke something exotic not my first time here but first time with a full meal for three so had a great selection of food. we had:1. strawberry cooler - mocktail2. sheek kebab3. kadai murgh (chicken with tomatoe sauce)4. aloo baigan (aubergien and potatoe)5. dal makhni6. zaffrani pulao7. sada chawal (plain rice)8. roti9. butter nan10. trio of veg (selection of three veg dishes)there was enough food for all three and the bill came to around 115.00 which i think is reasonable for the location and quality of the foodi must say i am especially surprised by the unique selection of three chutneys offered, one was a strawberry based one and other some sweet but spicy mix and last was a mango chutney but all seem freshly made and went down a treat. everyone really enjoyed them.service was prompt and all food arrived in good time but the restaurant was empty almost but we did arrive at the tail end of the lunch service. strawberry cooler was refreshing and would highly recommend it. i also like the vegetarian trio and kadai murgh but all the dishes were great. the menu is not large but great selection of dishes for all including vegetarians and i like that you can select on some dishes if you want them as main size portions or side portions which really helps with cost and waste. decor and architecture is excellent and inside temperature is perfect, not too hot or cold. finally we could all hear each other so acoustics were perfect with light background (authentic indian) music playing. i cannot say however how it fairs when the place is full so looks like i will have to go again and update you all. i highly recommend a visit and although not a fusion place you know what you will get and what you get is a great fresh meal you can fell full at the end of. one more nice touch was the free selection of sweets at the end of the meal, all tasted freshly made. an absolute pleasure. we had been walking all afternoon. we hadn't made a reservation as we hadn't planned on being starved. we went out for a sunday roast earlier in the day; which was delicious, but alas, we were hungry again. we walked by zaika and took a shot that a table would be available.the entire evening was lovely. a glass of champagne.white wine.chicken tikka.palak paneer.naan.rice.tea.the service, the food, the ambiance, all deserving 5 stars. it would take me days to come up with a complaint or a criticism. maybe my taste in food is just different (american palate and all), but i was expecting more. zaika is the japanese equivalent of indian food. delicate, subtle flavors, which is fine. for japanese food. i expect the indian flavors to explode at me. the lamb gosht and the saag paneer had no pop. they were good, but i was looking for more.excellent service and the space was beautiful.the chutneys were delicious! we wanted to have a good indian dinner while in london. we found this restaurant just down the street from our hotel. we walked past and found it to be very charming from the outside. when we entered it was beautiful. we had an amazing meal. the food was cooked to perfection and we used the advise of a very knowledgeable waiter for our food choices. he was spot on. the price was within a reasonable range for the quality. we would and may return again before we leave. beautiful restaurant with great food and good value. i had the set menu for one, and with two beers and tips it came at 73 pounds. well worth it!highly recommend if you like indian food. ps: a good sign is that there are a lot of indian guests :-) ever walk into a fancy restaurant and get that dreaded feeling that you'll be ripped off with overpriced, small dishes? it started out this way, with an alternative ending. granted, i fulfilled an american stereotype and went for my go-tos: palak paneer and chicken tikka. even went for the appetizer dish (aka fatty fat fat fried goodie platter). what i got was a nomplosion. now, let me say this - i've had a ton of indian food in multiple college towns, indian neighborhoods and san francisco. i thought i'd had it all. nothing like this. it was incredibly fresh, tender and flavorful. cheaper places usually throw a ton of spices at their dishes to hide the fact they may not be fresh, but zaika had no need to cover up. it was perfect. btw, service was rad. rad. look at me, the englishness is rubbing off. had a fantastic lunch at zaika this past week. ambiance: the restaurant is beautiful, serene, and spotless.service: i don't think i've had better service anywhere else. our main server, who also seemed to be a manager, was so friendly and accommodating. he noticed we didn't eat 1/3 of one of our many dishes and took it off the bill without us even saying a word. amazing.food: top notch.-vegetarian trio is delicious. i didn't eat the lentil dumpling because i can't have yogurt but i can say the rest of this appetizer is fantastic.-seared scallops are beautiful and delicious.-zaika salad didn't below me away - might be the only thing i wouldn't recommend.-kadai murgh was devoured by my husband and his picky self never devours anything.-butter naan was also devoured by my selfish husband, who didn't leave even a piece for me.-zaffrani pulao was delicious. i think i ate almost the entire bowl.overall this place is fantastic and very reasonably priced considering the quantity and quality of the food. i wouldn't hesitate to return and highly recommend giving zaika a try. i stopped in, partly based on the good reviews. the wait staff was very courteous. the presentation of the food was nice but horribly bland. the seating arrangements are poorly planned with tables way too close to one another. a couple was seated right next to me, as if we belonged to the same party. i won't be back. luckily there are many good indian restaurants in london. we are still talking about our dinner here! food was delicious! we loved the atmosphere which was elegant and a bit upscale. something you don't always find in an indian restaurant. it was full but we had a reservation with our kids. they were the only kids there, but it didn't seem to be an issue. the kids loved the food and the dessert was amazing. we got the chocolate bomb and it was fun for the kids to pour the hot chocolate on top of the ball. highly recommend. lovely area as well. my fave indian in london. got the set lunch menu w bellini and it was a gastronomical adventure! seared scallops to die for. get a masala chai when you are done eating. housed in a former bank, beautiful venue. also the service was top notch. even if you don't normally eat indian food, try this place! this place is amazing, i am a tourist and went here off the recommendation of our uber driver. i had the fish curry, prawns, cheese bread, and lamb shank with my mom. amazing. at the end of it wish i could empty my stomach and eat more. 100% will come back again next time i'm in the country and would highly recommend this place to everyone. one of the best indian restaurants we went to in uk. food was amazing and our waiter steven was awesome. great experience, hope to go back soon. same name under different management! food is good, may be not as wonderful as in previous management. i did enjoy it! awesome service and food. felt very welcomed from the moment i stepped into zaika. the naan, aloo tiki, tadka daal and channa masala were superb. the portions are perfect. amazing place. the food, drinks and service were all top notch. interesting people watching too!would absolutely recommend. we had the set menu and loved it all. the gin pomegranate cocktail was out of this world. wine was fairly priced. some of the best indian food i've ever had! top notch food. elegant dining room. great atmosphere. but we arrived at 8.25 for our 8.30 table and were asked to wait at the bar because the table wasn't quite ready yet. we waited until 8.50 without a drink, a menu or any update on the state of out table (maybe they were still whittling the legs) until i politely and very english-ly apologised to front of house for the inconvenience but could we 1) get a drink, 2) get a menu and 3) get an update on when our table would be ready.the lady at the front of house hadn't forgotten us which was a shame because if she had i could have understood the radio silence. "yes we know you're waiting. a couple of minutes more" she said. 10 minutes later a waiter came over and asked us whether we would prefer to eat where we were seated. by this time i envisaged us eating our after eights at after midnight so we went for it although the table wasn't a dining table at all. hunger won. two minutes later the front of house woman came over and told us our table would be ready in two minutes. i guessed that was a different two minutes than the one we had been proffered ten minutes earlier and explained that we had chosen to camp out in the bar area in the hope of eating supper rather than breakfast.no, apparently this was a real two minutes, not a made up one and so we waited and eventually sat at our table at 9.05.i'm not one for moaning or kicking up a fuss and a thing like this isn't usually likely to dampen my enthusiasm for a place if the food is great. we weren't in a rush and it's no punishment whiling away time with the missus in a buzzy dining room with a grand but bustling feel to it like this one.but we waited 40 minutes for a table booked in advance with no communication from the front of house woman whatsoever until i plucked up the courage to ask if we were still in their thoughts. we were only watered (or alcohol-ed as the case was) 25 mins into that wait.the front of house woman's way of dealing with the situation was not to keep us informed and apologise and offer us a drink while we waited, but to become our best friend once we were finally seated at our table. she simpered over three times to ask us how our food was and whether we were having a nice time and to apologise for the wait. i dubbed her miss topsy turvy because she's definitely got her job the wrong way round. if things have gone wrong, just let people know. i'm guessing most people are like us - essentially nice sorts looking forward to a good meal and not bothered about a wait as long as we're informed. shit happens. once we're at the table we will happily gorge ourselves on wonderful food until we roll out of there drunk and happy. job done. but miss topsy turvy spent the whole of our arrival avoiding us in the hope that things would just fix themselves and then became our best mate when we had absolutely no desire for her services any more and just wanted to get on with the happy task of eating, drinking and arguing about brexit. talking of eating. the lamb chops were simply sumptuously sensational. the three types of scallop were precisely done and deliciously different. black dal was tasty (although not quite the unctious joy of the cinnamon club's version it has to be said), the lamb biryani was decent (although flavour-wise not a patch on the dock kitchen's heavenly effort), the chana dal had great texture and dlavour and the prawns in fenugreek was divine. i can still taste it now. they should ditch the prawn cracker-esque poppadums and replace with more of the delicious, light crispy-edged naan bread which mopped up every last globule of moisture from plate, serving dish and table. so it is with a heavy heart that an evening i would have given the full five stars to gets a terrible two.our bar drinks gratis would have solved everything. or even better, a simple quick heads up. alas we got neither and cinnamon club remains the standard by which i set a posh curry evening. if wrong-way-round-woman takes an hnd in front of house management maybe this place could be up there too. absolutely sublime experience! the best indian in a while. all food was fresh, tasty and with the right spice. service was exemplary! the tasty sweets at the end were a even sweeter surprise. highly recommended. happiness = expectations-reality, and my expectations were sky-high going into this storied london landmark. if i have to be honest, i was a little disappointed, but only because of my afore-mentioned expectations. the food's fine - it's reasonably well-executed and this is certainly not a run-of-the-mill curry house. the service - it started shakily with several missteps, but when we expressed our concerns, the staff were readily apologetic and immediately corrected the issues, which is all one can ask for. the manager comped us a round of drinks, which is always appreciated. this gesture raised this review to 4 stars from a 3. the ambiance and interiors are beautiful. keep your expectations reasonable and you'll be fine. everything in this restaurant was amazing: first impression: nice ambient with tall ceiling and classic decoration... not classic indian but more of western classic. the service was friendly and prompt. food was magical and tasty. they served us in their special pots which i bought one during our visit. the restaurant manager was very friendly and made sure we walked out happy. highly recommended we had a brilliant experience. we were a group of three (me, my husband and our 11yo son). the host kindly made space for us on a thursday night at 6. prior to the appetizers, they brought out papadums with three great sauces: beetroot, tamarind and chili-garlic. we had the zaika salad, the vegetarian trio, the fish trio, the nihari gosht and the laal maas and the dal makhni. every bite was spectacular. the service was impeccable; they took princely care of us. we were only sorry we couldn't get there more often. yes, it's more expensive but well worth it. i've been to two other michelin-star restaurants and i believe they pale in comparison with zaika. zaika simply excels in service, quality of food and comfort and are humble about it. i visited zaika with a couple of indian friends and they too agree that the restaurant is a cut above any other indian restaurant they've been to.the restaurant is easy to locate just about 7 minutes walk away from high street kensington station, the entrance is big and pristine and you are greeted with a warm genuine smile by the hostess.the high walls are decorated with chandeliers and old fashioned framed indian paintings, all the staff are approachable, the fresh rose on the table is huge and smells good, and when we were waiting on a friend to return from the toilet before eating the dish in front of us, the manager had the courtesy and wisdom to take the dish away to keep it heated in the kitchen before re-serving it to us once we were ready.the mirage mocktail i had was a true a delight with the lychee flavour coming through loud and clear.my friends and i opted for the set menu which really showcased a satisfying and impressive range of food. first comes thepappad (served with a duo of chutneys - beetroot and fennel seed & mango and mint). the poppadom was delicately thin and crispy whilst both dips were light and delicious enough for me to even eat them on their own. this amazed me to no end because i normally hate beetroot and i hate mint so the fact that they can make concoctions with both these ingredients and yet i love them is a real testament to how well they have been incorporated in a positive way. next was an appetiser with a compound of chickpeas, chicken, watercress and mint sauce - once again i was dazzled by how much i loved this mint sauce despite hating mint, the chickpeas where noticeably fresh and tasty and the chicken was cooked tender. the third appetiser was just quality on a plate; simply a tiger prawn with a sheekh lamb kebab together with a strip of pepper sauce and a strip of mint sauce yet sublime in every aspect. the tiger prawn was quite possibly the most juicy and tasty prawn i have ever had , the lamb was succulent and beautifully seasoned and the sauces were a perfect complement to a perfect dish.the appetisers are already enough to surpass expectations and fill you up and then come the mains: baby aubergine tossed with freshly ground spices, yellow lentils with ginger, tomato and fresh coriander, truffle naan, chicken curry, lamb curry and pulao rice. normally at this point in a review i would pick at the good and bad points of each offering but i simply cannot fault any of the dishes zaika has put together. every dish tasted of fresh ingredients emersed in a good balance of spices and herbs; stimulating the palate in a whole variety of ways but never overdoing it with any one flavour and not just hitting it with chilli. the aubergine dish was the best sample of aubergine that i've ever had and the truffle naan was a unique and welcome addition to the the normal forray of indian food.for dessert was a 'chocolate bounty bar - gluten free coconut bounty bar with nougat, apricot and popcorns'. this bounty bar is rich with coconut infused dark chocolate; indulgent and irresistible. the ice cream it came with could have been a little softer but the flavour was good and the apricot sauce and popcorns a nice touch. finally the meal is topped off with petit fours for each diner which are tiny bites of coffee and cream flavoured layers of sponge.well that was it for the most sublime, well prepared and well served indian meal that i have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. themeaningofzaikatranslates to 'sophisticated flavours' - a befitting name for this exquisite restaurant. an absolute surprise and delight. my wife booked a surprise pre theater dinner and the restaurant blew us away. the staff was beyond attentive - they proactively approached my wife about her dietary restrictions which she listed on the reservation. the food was top notch but the desert was the highlight of the whole night! and the prices - very reasonable. we loved this place and cannot wait to return on our trip next year.the food and cocktails were exceptional!great atmosphere and service! simply the best indian restaurant. despite only having a few days in london, and there being so many excellent restaurants there, we just had to go a second time. we're big fans of indian food (even making it at home), but this was hands down the best indian restaurant we've ever experienced!their zaika salad had a delicate dressing, the lamb in the laal maas was lean and tender, the black lentils were full of flavor, the spinach sauce of the saag paneer was impossibly creamy, and the flavors of the other 4 vegetarian dishes we tried were amazing. the garlic naan was warm and fluffy. the mango lassi was thick yet smooth. the ginger panna cotta alone was worth the visit. our only sadness is that we can only give it a 5.	1	1	1	0	0
 food is amazing and properly cooked. you can choose from a different range of turkish dishes, all of them really tasty. my favourite place in notting hill. had dinner here and tried multiple kababs. loved all of them. we also tried a dish with chicken iskender (shawarma meat) topped with tomato sauce and yogurt... loved it! service is good. highly recommended. the food was good (not great). the service was friendly. the kebabs were flavorful but what could have pushed them over the edge was if they were more tender (they are not "melt in your mouth" good) fez mangal has been around for a couple of years now and i have only heard good things about it. yet i've not had more than a turkish coffee before. somehow ladbroke grove is all about pubs and music for me, or the odd sneaky takeaway - it's such a busy dirty road, it hasn't occurred to me to stop for dinner before ...... and i've missed out. a friend suggested lunch here yesterday, and it won't be my last! we shared a mixed grill which was served on rice and with a generous serving of salad on the side, as well as delicious garlic and chillie sauces. for a sporadic meat eater like me, this was perfect, lots of different flavours, perfectly cooked. all the meat is piled up behind a glass counter as you walk in. carnivore heaven - veggie hell! the don't have a licence but invite byo which would make this a very affordable dinner option. the fresh mint tea (fresh leaves sharing the water with a tea bag - free top ups!) was perfect for daytime. would i recommend this place to a friend? yeswould i come here again? yesthis is a great small restaurant with good service. i got the lamb doner and yogurt/cucumber starter and they were both very good! if you like mediterranean or turkish food i'd definitely come here.the only problem was they sat us in the back next to the toilet. there's only one toilet so there was constantly people waiting in line and trying to get around the table, a little annoying.besides that issue the food and service is good! i was staying with a friend who lives in holland park, and my partner and i walked here for dinner and were blown away. i only wish we had access to turkish food half as good as this in san francisco.---- mains ----yogurt lu chicken shish: 5 starsa delicious hot ceramic dish of tender chicken, lots of tasty red sauce and warm yoghurt heaped on top.mixed dner: 4.5 stars2-person special: 5 starscame back to get this with my friends. an amazing amount of food, lamb and chicken meat. this and a vegetarian mezze platter fed four of us.---- drinks and desserts ----ayran: 3.5 starsstandard.baklava: 3.5 starsa bit soggy but flavour is good.so many delicious sizzling smells and sights at the restaurant. there was a mad-looking 2-person special platter that i want to get if i visit again. just be warned they don't accept credit cards that require signature, only the pin ones. my american boyfriend ranks this place as his new favourite restaurant. i agree it was gooooood!really enjoyed our food here. they told us they were short staffed but we couldn't tell. the food was awesome and we will definitely be back when we are in the area. we had the shared mezu plate (bread and dips - amazing) and then the lamb combo and lamb doner. so good! not impressed with the bread but one of the best spicy kebabs with rice highly recommended always the best! the best turkish restaurant in london by far. had our favourite chicken beyti and chicken shish yoghurtlu, as usual juicy and tasty. two must must dishes to order. just yummy this is a tremendously good value little restaurant, family run by turkish people. with decent food produced swiftly , and elegantly . there is sufficient variety to suit most tastes . seating is cramped. you can bring your own wine free of charge. highly recommended if you're in the area. my favourite turkish restaurant in west london. delicious fresh variety of kebabs. i love everything on the menu, i've been so many times! always busy and bustling in the evening. bring you own bottle! without question, the best turkish meal i've ever had. reasonable prices, nice casual atmosphere, and amazing food. this is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in london. even if you don't love turkish food there is something on the menu for everyone. the staff is really friendly and helpful. this is a great spot for lunch or dinner. if you are going for dinner, i recommend that you make a reservation. it is also byob! first of all, for all international travelers, this place does not take credit cards. they take only debit cards that require pins. so do not get misguided.having said that, as you can see from my star rating, i love this place! it is delicious and awesomely priced. i had the lamb shish (kebab) as some people recommended. i absolutely loved the tender and juicy lamb blocks. i also did try the baklavas, and it was wonderfully fresh and tasty. the baklavas arrived even warm still. i highly recommend this place around london. have to come visit. i for sure will be returning a second time if not more! excellent and inexpensive food. service is quick and friendly. nice space for eating in or you can do take away if you wish. best turkish restaurant in west london. amazing food. nice ambience. reasonable rates. definitely one of the best meal places in the locality. yum falafel and baklava. the place is super clean with lots of variety of dishes. eat in or take-away.the flavour is really great, however, i must say that the wrap seems to be very very powdery! it honestly gets every where! i don't know what it is but it's like micro sand powder texture on the wrap and it's quite annoying to keep brushing it away! omg i love this place. everything they do tastes amazing. i've never eaten in but i've tried quite a few things and they were all fresh and you can tell they use good quality ingredients. i'm a regular the food here is absolutely delicious!!! generous portions, fair price, and the best kabobs ever. this restaurant is tiny and the tables are small and close to each other, so don't be surprised if you end up sharing with strangers. if you are in london as a local or a visitor as i was, you must visit this place. you won't regret it and will look forward to your next visit. the food is so good, any discomfort created by the location's small size will be quickly forgotten after the first taste. can't recommend this place enough! 10 stars!!!! wow. i am so happy this place is located so close to me. i was expecting the usual fare which they have of course but the food for the most part was amazing. i was disappointed by their lentil soup. it was a bit thin and the flavors were not very complex.the grilled fish though....amazing! i picked every tender piece of white flesh off and wished i had more. it was perfectly grilled on the outside and soft and moist inside. just a tiny splash of lemon and bam...all sorts of deliciousness!kebabs as expected..also delicious.when you walk in you see the grill fired up and kebabs ready to be devoured. very cool place. the meat is better than most, amazingly tender and the salad that comes with a kebab portion is quite nice - julienned beets, carrots, and some arugula rather than the typical iceberg-tomato-cucumber that comes default elsewhere. the lamb shish was golden and flavorful, ungreasy, non-chewy. drizzled with the yogurt and spicy sauces at the table, i was scooping every last bit off the plate by the end.only complaint is the curse of all good places. it's obviously popular for the above-par quality of food, which means the service is spotty during the manic dinner hour. waitresses are squeezing around the tiny space with baskets of warm bread, dips, and heaping piles of meat coming off the grill like a factory. if you're not in a rush, the randomness of the service won't bother you: it's byob, so it's really not hard to be patient: you'll want a little downtime to get through that bottle (or two) of cheap wine from the convenience store up the street! there are few times you enter a restaurant and just go 'wow'! this was definitely one of those times. we were touring from california and didn't know the area very well and from the review on yelp, the restaurant looked like a shady hole in the wall. upon arrival, however, we came to find a gigantic crowd around the small entrance. we pushed through and they got to us right away, seating us within twenty minutes because of all of the people. the wall decor had chillies hanging in the window and you could see and smell that magical grill where the most aromatic lamb was sizzling. though it took a while for the order to come in, the eggplant salad was cooked perfectly and seasoned even better, and it melted in your mouth. everything was soooo fresh and wonderful. honestly, it almost made me be a vegetarian how incredible the greek and aubergine salads tasted. that is, until the meat came. omg the combo kebab made me want to have a bottomless stomach so i could keep eating forever!! the meat was so juicy and tender and bursting with flavor. every bite was a bite of heaven! this place is one of the best restaurants i have ever been to, and i highly recommend it to both tourists and locals, vegetarians and meat-lovers, and anyone else who appreciates good food! amazing! authentic turkish cuisine. prices are also incredible for london standards. service was good and quick, we booked a table so didn't have to queue but after we left there were about 7 people queuing. i'd suggest booking a table if you go during the weekend. quickly become a new favourite place in town. good quality food. the flavours in every dish are amazing. (and i've tried a lot of the menu now!)the staff are very friendly for how busy they are and the value is really good bearing in mind the level of food you actually get,also lots of healthy options so great for takeout after work when you don't want something greasy or heavy. sometimes eat here 3 times a week! this is an absolutely terrific turkish kebab shop near the ladbroke grove tube. the other reviews do justice to the food-- i can only add that the chicken beyti is (imho) a little better than the lamb, and that a good deal is to get an extra skewer of grilled tomatos and peppers (only 1 pound if you're getting takeaway!). this was the first restaurant we tried in london, and it may be the last. it's that good. we've been in town 2 days and have eaten there both days. i've gotten the meze appetizer both times. it is wonderful. it occupies 4 corners of a plate with each corner a different delicious delight: hummus, cous cous, tabouli, and spicy red vegetable relish. this was served with a beyond delicious made on the spot turkish flatbread. i made little tacos with the items in the fatbread, all mixed. wow! and i love their fresh healthy turkish salad. the squares of cheese in there are feta like and much better than any feta i've had before. i love this spot. this is my local secret - this is where i go to meet neighborhood friends and dish about the day. they are efficient, clean, and have a byob policy. could i be more happy? i'm the sort of girl that loves to rock up with a nice bag of wine in my handbag.the food is perfect after a long day. my favorite is the grilled sea bream, and the lamb kabab, both perfectly flavored and delicious. the chicken wings are also delicious, and the other night i saw someone get the lamb chops and was practically salivating. the appitizer 4 dipping sauce special is great, and honestly, this place has the best baklava i've ever had. draw backs, its a little tight, and you have to sit relatively close to other customers, but it has never stopped me. i'm in here at least once a week if not 2 nights. don't miss this spot. gem. brilliant every single time - probably the best tasting meat in the notting hill area. love it! 'fez mangal' is a fairly recent but very popular turkish bbq restaurant in ladbroke grove.i opted for a mixed doner which is only available in large for 5.50. a medium of either chicken or lamb will set you back only 4.the lamb was obviously good quality. juicy, tender and not too fatty. it was a tad mild to my liking but some may prefer the subtler spicing. the chicken was also top notch. the wrap was paper thin and a little too stiff.the salad consisted of red cabbage, onions & diced cucumber. it was nice but loses marks for lack of variety.the garlic sauce was a good one.the chilli sauce was ok but despite asking for "lots" there was not enough of it.the service was fast, even though the place was very busy on this wednesday evening in september.most of the other take-away customers were opting for the skewered kebabs.this fine establishment lacks some of the greatness that make 'best mangal' my all time favourite ocakbasi and is also a little behind 'ottoman' & 'woody grill' in my personal opinion.however, don't get me wrong, 'fez mangal' is the best thing to happen to ladbroke grove in a long time.the locals are understandably flocking to this place and unlike north end road or stoke newington there is only one turkish grill in the area.highly recommended! welcome to turkey!......or so one might think once they step into this authentic turkish restaurant. after returning from istanbul earlier this year, i desperately sought out a place to feed my need for authentic kebabs filled with all natural products, enticing meza platers, and yummy yogurt drinks. i was delighted to find that fez mangal satisfies all of these needs.upon entering into this food haven, one might think that its 'hole in the wall' persona lessens its authenticity and quality. you would be sorely wrong my dear friends. for those of you who have visited istanbul, you'll know that a manic atmosphere, more times than not, makes for a fantastic gastronomical experience. fez mangal follows through on all accounts. with limited seating and even fewer places to stand for takeaway, you'll be hard to find this place not packed to the rim (no matter what day of the week). while this can often spur unfriendly staff, the employees here are friendly none the less. the food, as mentioned earlier, is as authentic as one can get without standing in the middle of the grand baazaar. fresh bbq, made right in front of you, with fresh ingredients, makes for a definite healthy option to feed any late night kebab craving. i highly suggest the lamb shish as this is my personal favourite and sharing (if there are two of you) the meza plate for two as a starter. the portions are quite large (most of the time i leave unable to finish my meal), but are certainly worth it (the prices are exceptionally low for the amount of food offered in one meal).	1	0	1	0	1
 the best japanese restaurant in london. the food is just right and price is good. but if you want a quiet place, it's not for you. i personally love this place! eat tokyo is my new favourite go to japanese resturant for no nonsense, quick and authentic good quality jap food. there is even the option on the menu to go large for all you big eaters who complain about portion size. there is plenty of variety here, so much to choose from and its amazing how they keep up. not just sushi, there is other quality japanese food, and the drink menu to match. the restaurant is cosy, and make use of the space they have. it gets really busy, and been advised its always good to book. the service is decent, but given how busy it gets, understandable. there is a chain of them, and with so many japanese resturant popping all over london in the last decade, it can be difficult to choose one which is consistent, and reasonably priced. therefore with this, tokyo eat is new favourite go to. eat tokyo was my first experience with japanese food in london and it was pretty tasty! i ordered a grapefruit japanese shochu which was alright. i wouldn't recommend it because it's not very sweet. for dinner, i got a bento box with tonkotsu, rice, salad, edamame and agedashi tofu. they forgot my two pieces of salmon sushi which was really disappointing but okay because it was a ton of food! my only complaint is that one of my pieces of pork looked undercooked but other than that, it was a very good and filling meal that was reasonably priced! what a feast! 9 for a double portion of chicken (or pork) katsu with japanese curry and rice. it was humongous. the sushi was delicious and without going into names of each. they were delicious. not sure of the obligatory 12.5% service charge when you have a girl who doesn't know if the dish she bought out was mine or someone you else's. the food superb. the service not so. but food always wins. my friend booked a reunion dinner for a couple of our high school buds, and thankfully chose a japanese restaurant so i could get my sushi fix ... lizzie can't go 10 days without sushi!i ordered a couple of rolls, spinach in sesame sauce and tomago. the fish is fresh and tasty, and the portions generous. my friends ordered a range of bento boxes which were huge! we all picked around on each other's dishes to get a full sample of japanese flavours alongside our bottle of plum wine (glug glug). special shout out to the "tokyo special", combining eel, salmon, avocado, green and red roe that creates a complete party in your mouth. it's award winning too! the restaurant itself isn't anything special, and when you head into the basement you're cut off from the rest of the world. you're totally reliant on the servers, who are unfriendly but helpful. it all adds to the character of the place - and they can totally afford a frosty welcome as the food is worth coming back for! this is a quieter branch than soho, which is just too busy for my liking. the dragon boat and other sushi, salads, deep fried chicken liver, sweet potato fritters and the katsu pork were all up to par. and it's a great location. good and prompt table service. however, it only works if you can sit upstairs. we were placed downstairs initially but insisted on being given a table upstairs. the manager did so. sadly, there is obviously a problem with the toilets, or ventilation thereof, downstairs. sorry to say it, but it really does stink down there. i love sushi! and to those who have been following my reviews you would know i have been having quite some sushi withdrawal symptoms since arriving the city. simply put, there just ain't any good sushi around....! until... today!found this eat tokyo joint. 3 letter word - yum!otoro - superbbento box - generous and tastysushi - oishi !just come and you will know what i'm on about!i shall let the photos speak for itself!the only complaint/downside - service was practically non-existence...! but still 5 stars cause food was just too awesome! the food was really nice!i enjoyed the tuna teriyaki so much! it was tender and bursting with flavour!most of the staff were polite and we felt their hospitality. there was just one thing. when we entered the restaurant, a manager made it clear that we would need to leave within an hour and a half even though we had booked which made us feel a little rushed. we were looking forward to tasting some types of sake which was a shame.the restaurant is located in holborn, around 8mins walk from holborn station.the interior reminded me of japan, and you can sit in front of sushi counter, just like in japan! i suppose yelp reviews do work! my place of choice was closed on sunday, so decided to visit this one instead based on the general feeling of the place in yelp.we ordered a sushi boat for everyone and it was amaaaaazing! super fresh fish, i even ate something other than tuna and salmon, which are usually the only ones i like. there was a bit of otoro in a corner, delicious!i also had some tempura udon. perhaps not the best one i've ever had, but a world apart from the worst.pleasant staff and a small, cozy place, not very loud (i think we were the loud ones). will come back again for sure! great chicken teriyaki bento box, which has juicy, well-portioned chicken with a side of salad, two small cucumber rolls, a fried tofu thing (delicious!), and a generous portion of rice. they have fresh, well-presented sashimi. went back twice to get the same thing! this is my favourite place for sushi in london. i think. today, at least. i mean, probably this month. maybe ever? i don't know. right now...my fave.it's great! the staff are a little brusque and there's a fair amount of churn at this restaurant, but that's a-ok with me. the menu is massive and most items have accompanying photos (love) and the pages are laminated like a massive delicious binder that i had for 9th grade biology. but this is more delicious, of course. i went with my ma, who is not a big fan of sushi. she was trying to "eat outside the box" but i made her eat in the box instead. a bento box that is! hahahaha.it was great value with 9 gbp hooking my great mom up with some miso soup, a crisp green salad, chicken teriyaki, sesame seed-studded rice, 2 cucumber maki and 4 cubes of tofu. perfect. /have i had too much sake? this review makes me sound whack.not whack though?the sushi rolls. special love for the crispy spicy tuna, the delicious salmon skin and, well...most of the rolls, actually. the rice is perfect, the fillings/fish are plentiful, and i think they're great value for (london) money. the sides are also amazing; there are some new dimsum-y offerings (dumplings, siu mai) but i stick to wakame and nasi goreng, which are both done perfectly. i rarely get dessert post-sushi but here i've had both mango and green tea mochi and strongly, strongly recommend the former. filled with a creamy puree-based ice-cream it's tart and smooth and creamy. such a great end to the meal.yelp note: it gets crazy busy round peak times, but don't be dissuaded as the turn-over is fast (especially if you're a small group of 2 or 3). staff was very attending. arrived and didn't have to wait. i sat upstairs which was nice. the place is small and cute with tables for two and tables for four. ordered the salmon sashimi, mixed tempura, and tuna sashimi. the salmon sashimi was very very fresh and melted in your mouth. the mixed tempura was ok. it came with 7 pieces of fish, prawn, and vegetables. i didn't care for it. they had different fatty levels for tuna. i ordered the regular one. it was quite good but i personally preferred the salmon sashimi better. overall great sushi spot. will come back again. high quality sushi! toro, tuna, salmon, and white fish are so fresh and tasty the bento box is delicious and the price is fear the food was delicious. one of the best japanese/sushi restaurants i've been to in london. there was plenty of choice and the portion sizes were pretty good too. on the down side was the 30 minute wait for a table and 5 of us (3 of whom were strangers) being squashed onto a table for 4 people. i don't envy the floor manager's job though so i think he did a good job under tough circumstances and we were asked if we would be happy to share with the others no one forced it upon us. the waiting staff were lovely and helpful and no one hurried us to leave even with the large queue outside. the tuna bento box was delicious and so were the prawn rolls. the plum wine was nice but i've definitely had better (and cheaper) elsewhere. overall it was a good experience with great food and friendly table mates. a japanese colleague recommended eat tokyo to me quite a while ago, didn't have the chance until recently. we got there around 8pm on friday. the restaurant was packed, there were a couple waiting before us, but after 5 mins there were already over 10 people stood behind us! the restaurant didn't have any sign asking customers to queue outside, there were people just stormed into the restaurant and waited inside even though there was a queue outside. luckily after a while the manager told them all to queue. i know they are very busy, but it will be better if they can keep an eye on the queuing situation (because there was quite a few people just ignoring the queue). one more thing, getting there early and doesn't mean will be seated earlier, it's totally depends on the amount of people. there were 3 of us, it took a while to get us a table. the restaurant itself isn't very spacious, which has a ground floor, a room in the basement and one upper floor. it can be quite crammed when full. the selection of the food was good, the price was good too. i ordered a chirashi-don (sashimi on sushi rice bowl), it came with miso soup. it was very good, it was a bowl of fresh assorted sashimi, very generous portion in my opinion. all these was under 10! a friend ordered the chicken jyu (chicken teriyake over rice with miso soup), i tried some and it was lovely. i am still thinking about the food, and thinking when am i gonna go again. with such quality of food and reasonable price. no wonder it's so busy. the holborn branch of eat tokyo is popular with both students and office workers due to the location and reputation for good value and generous portions. as it was quite late we were limited in the choice of restaurants so we popped into eat tokyo for a quick dinner. on a monday evening approaching 10pm the place was still surprisingly busy, there were few tables free.the menu is thick and very comprehensive, you could easily spend 30 minutes trying to choose dishes! being a monday, the dishes containing seafood were not as fresh as on other days.the crispy squid was tough and overcooked on this occasion. the tokyo roll consisting of eel, yellowtail tuna, salmon and avocado was the best dish but would have been better with fresher fish at 14.50 it is one of the pricier dishes. the mixed tempura containing 2 prawns, sweet potato, aubergine and mushroom was quite disappointing. the mushroom tempura tasted odd, using rehydrated shiitake mushroom just does not work.eat tokyo is a good choice for a quick, cheap and cheerful meal if you stick to the massive bento boxes or rice dishes. the soft shell crab roll and crispy squid are recommended dishes provided you are not dining on a monday. everytime i go to london, i always go to this place. expect line-up but not for long. waiters always try to accommodate even by sharing a table. every food i tasted was awesome, fresh and authentic. a great place to know in the area! firstly, the menu is huge. to me that sets alarm bells ringing. why does a menu need to be so huge. almost 20 pages. all for mostly sushi (i'd rather have it cut down so i'm not suspicious of how fresh it will be). saying that the sushi was not bad. the unagi was the real star. a regular portion is more than enough. no need to go large. the prawn tempura was also fresh, crispy and good portion. just think they need to cut down as it's a bit confusing having so much choice. sushiiiiiii!!!yeah, baby!like most my sushi reviews start, i love myself a bit of sushi [japanese] so when a friend mentioned she had a new place to try out and no mates (shame) to go with, i jumped at the opportunity.down a few roads, and quite a small venue inside, eat tokyo gave me a very authentic vibe and in addition to the tables full of japanese businessmen, i had a feeling eat tokyo would be a great experience.food wise? mmmm.good size portions, and well priced. i had a bento box and my friendless friend, chirashi. the sashimi was wonderful and i saw a brave couple attacking the sashimi boat which looked massive. they finished it as well; impressed.now, i didnt have any actual rolls but the spicy salmon rolls and crispy rolls looked soooo good; the variety/choice is pretty spectacular too i'm going to have to come back and try them out with a bigger group.i'll be back! it was so bad that i can't believe it. the quality of the fish in sushi was so low and not fresh at all. it's nothing like in the pictures and the tuna was not even pink. the thickness of the rice wrapping it was double what you see in a supermarket sushi section. and when i complained, they even argue the fish was pale because it is a higher quality type but not because it is so stale! such bullshit! tap water was so cold that you can't even swallow it! adequate food, but a little on the salty side. good value for your money and large portions. customer service is lacking though. quick glance:+ huge selection of dishes + delicious meals+ super friendly staff+ booking recommended full review:you know you've found a restaurant serving authentic japanese dishes when you walk in thursday lunch time and find most of the tables filled by japanese businessmen and businesswomen. the place is a little bit cramped and the service is a little bit slow, but these are easily forgiven when you are met by smiling staff who greet you with "konnichiwa" on the way in and "arigato" on the way out. the menu is extensive - simple sushi, fancy sushi, bento box, soups, rice dishes, snacks, and more. this particular visit i had the rice box with steamed egg and chicken, plus a few gyoza shared with my friend. absolutely delicious and very filling, costing only just over a tenner with green tea. although the restaurant is fairly big, with three floors of tables packed next to each other, it is hugely popular and bookings are highly recommended. we saw a long queue in the piccadilly branch several days ago,so did not get it. so why not try this branch ?i think the venue itself is quite old and needs some updating. the food is just normal but the proportion is good. i am not that impressed with the tastes for some of the rice dishes at all. the ingredients need to be fresher. we tried the award winning sushi rolls as well, like the ingredients combination, but again, it does not taste fresh enough! i will go to eat tokyo again only if i am hungry and need somewhere has reasonable price food but taste is not priority for the meal. wonderful place. going there all the time.yummy, and ---filling. be prepared to be stuffed. probably the best japanese restaurant i have ever been to.the restaurant is small and always full so it is better to book a table before.the staff is really nice and well dressed with kimono and the quality of their chicken and fish is just amazing.the chicken teriyaki bento is only 9 and there is so much food in it , i like taking a doggy bag when i do not finish the box.you definitely have to go there!! torn between a 3 and a 4 star review, but i must say that the food is pretty good and the menu is almost torturous to look through because it's so damn extensive.reason why i question the rating is because i always come here during my lunch break and it always takes forever to get my food. the first time i came here, i was literally running out the door still chewing my food as i left. the second time, nearly 30 minutes went by after ordering and i had to get my food wrapped up for take-away. plus side is that they have a good number of servers running around, but clearly not enough kitchen staff to efficiently accommodate for the lunch rush. in short, good food, large menu, but don't come here if you're in a hurry. really good japanese restaurant. rarely cheap and good are together in london but this is one of those places (and the same applies to eat tokyo in soho).get ready to queue for some time before being able to eat or reserve a table in advance some of my friends have raved about this place and recommended it. my wife and i decided to go here for a saturday lunch. located on a quiet street of red lion, it was already busy only 30mins after opening. some people had tables booked but we just walked in. my wife had the simple udon soup and gyoza. i had the katsu jyu. the katsu jyu was a lot of food for 9.50. two chicken katsu cutlets with an egg sauce poured on, this was all on a good serving of rice. as a post workout gym this was the perfect dish of protein and carbs, not super clean eating but hit the spot. will be back in the future! i love this place. it was the first place i ever ate sushi after years of swearing i didn't like it and now, even after trying around to a few places, it's still my favourite. i'm vego and their vegetable rolls are ever so slightly warm and absolutely delicious. i've brought every friend willing to accompany me here and every time there's someone visiting from outside of london, this is where i take them. really really good. great food and portion, and really liked the authentic food and atmosphere. but the service could've been a bit more attentive and friendly. one waitress misunderstood our order and she was defensive and unapologetic.	0	0	1	0	0
 great menu with lots of options, juices and teas. charming exterior seating in the summer time and interior decor of you're seated inside. however, 4 stars because the staff can be extremely condescending and rude if you don't order much and want to stay and chat. definitely overly accommodating if you order a lot with alcohol though. overall disappointed by this place. the setting is lovely. we had a table outside in the courtyard (despite the rain) and it is tucked away off regent street and away from the tourist hell of oxford street. we were given the brunch menu (which looks amazing), ordered, then told brunch had ended. so ordered from their lunch menu which to be honest i've had better small plates else where in london and better value for money. the food itself is really good. the service isn't great. inattentive staff who don't know the menu. overall a bit mediocre. service was super attentive when i came by for lunch today. we ordered a range of starters which were all delicious - tuna tartare, scallops and burrata with asparagus - but quite easy to put together. the mains were well sized and pretty good but unmemorable which for the price you're paying is not great. if this place was slightly cheaper i could definitely see myself coming back but you can get better value for money at so many other places in london, especially for lunch. tucked away off the main streets behind oxford st. this is one of my favourite places for a drink. the bar itself is located above the hush restaurant and they also have a great courtyard area that has heating in the winter months. the service in this place cannot be faulted. the staff are attentive and welcoming. they have a great selection of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks. yes, it is a little on the pricy side but it's worth it. i went here for a seminar over lunch, so my view could be slightly off par, but even so, food is food and the same goes for service.so, (i'll save going through the seminar.... haha) there was bread and butter on the table, and i have to say i am a bit of a bread'o'holic and i had one or two bites and then decided to leave it. there was a funny taste and a bit bitter.they were serving orange juice and water for drinks, and the waiter was excellent. although the orange juice was rather sharp and made me pull a funny face. the starter was potato and parsley soup, which was "nice", nothing to rave about though and definitely needed a bit of seasoning to it.the main was salmon on lentils. which i didn't eat as i don't like fish, and although they did offer me a plate of lentils, i passed on that option. when the salmon did come out, it did look very dry and the lentils had the appearance of dryness (like you get when you leave beans to go cold). the feedback from the table was pretty "meh".the dessert was white chocolate and earl crme brle. well, my colleague i was with took one mouthful and took an immediate swig of water, i persevered for a few more spoons and then decided it was making me feel a bit icky. however, there were 2 people at our table that demolished it, so maybe the result on that dessert should be 50/50.on the way out the first floor bar looks really enticing and my colleague and i are probably going to go back to give it a try on the first floor, ordering what we want and enjoying drink at the stylish bar.downstairs the patio outside seating area was full of people. i don't know though if this is the place people go so they can say "oh darling we're off to hush for lunch" rather than a quiet location that they go to enjoy fine food. currently i think it is the former.....the toilets are delightful though. very clean and smelt divine.the staff are brilliant. lovely little courtyard with reasonably good service. had the lobster salad and it was really good (minus the over-cooked bacon atop it). 1/2 of a 1 lb. lobster and some lovely potato salad. host was bubbly and atmosphere was lively. the visit of glasgow elite martyn m to london gave andrew m and me an excuse to go out for another dinner. not that a yelper needs any excuse to go out for dinner!we agreed on hush as the menu looked promising. the name hush suggests that they want to keep it a secret and indeed, the restaurant is a little hidden away off the main street. a word of warning to ladies wearing high heels - the path is downhill and cobbled - andrew and i were royally entertained by a pair of glammed up ladies struggling down in their high heels. we did offer to help but our chivalry was declinedit was one of those in between london weather days and we weren't sure whether to sit in their inviting outdoor area or play safe and sit indoors. in the end, we went safe!the restaurant certainly aims to be high end and the clientele fit that bill. opposite the upstairs bar, there is a wall of various celebrities doing the shush finger to lips posebeing typical yelpers, talking made it hard to order but we eventually managed to get starters of dressed dorset crab with avocado and the pulled pork, yorkshirepudding, apple and calvados. these were a good start to the meal. the crab was freshly picked and given enough pep to liven it up and still be the starring main ingredient. the pulled pork was good by british standards but can't match the american bbq jointsfor main, i enjoyed my half lobster with taglierini, tomato and chilli, which once again had nice ingredients to lift the starring lobster. martyn pronounced himself very pleased with his steak. i think andrew regretted not getting steak as well because his fishcake was rather dry and underwhelmingwe rounded off our meal with blackberry sorbet, mar bar cheesecake and sticky toffee puddinga great evening with a visiting yelper. food was 4 stars overall if you ignore the fishcake but they lose a star for the price i was here about a week ago with an old friend for a reunion... we headed straight to the bar as dedicated alcoholics do haha.. and the menu was diverse and very resonably priced! i was surprised as i usually go next door where i pay 16 for one cocktail, so when i saw some priced at 12.50 i was surprised ... i tried the bubble gum martini .. ladies.. it's a nice sweet tipple but it could do with a little polishing. it had popping candy and candy floss .. ahh it's the little things in life that count. hush is great, the food gets better and better every time i go there. we booked a table for 5 but we ended up being 8 and then 9 which was no problem at all and they fitted us all in. the staff are mostly friendly and the service is good as well.i usually go for the arancini then any of the fish choices, they cook it wonderfully! never overcooked and generally really lovely. love the cocktails as well, they've got the standard ones you'd expect to see and a few of their own creations which are super tasty! oh and don't forget the desserts!! i loooove the raspberry and white chocolate creme brle and the mars bar cheesecake is divine! plus they do cinema viewing outside on their heated patio in the winter and use the patio as outdoor seating! located on lancashire court, tucked away behind loads of buildings, lies hush. i did have to ask for directions to get here even whilst i was on the street, but i got here in the end.last night i was invited to a yelp event dinner by yee gan o, who arranged a dinner for me whilst i was down in london, which was delightful! andrew m also attended, and it was fantastic getting to make more friends through yelp outside of glasgow. i arrived early, and so had a glass of white wine, which was gorgeous, while i waited. shortly after the others turned up, we set to ordering. we were actually talking so much i think ordering 2 courses took us about half an hour, but eventually we managed it. yee gan and i both opted for the crab & avocado salad to start, whilst andrew went for the pulled pork. both were absolutely delicious and went down a treat. then for mains yee gan went for the half lobster, andrew for the salmon fishcakes, and i went for the fillet steak with barnaise sauce. my steak was cooked to perfection and was absolutely delicious. the homemade chips left a lot to be desired though, but i've often found that good steaks come with bad chips. the two guys both cleaned their plates, and food satisfaction was had for me. i've noticed that i'm the first person to review this place with 5*, but i genuinely cannot fault my experience here. the decor is absolutely stunning, the food was excellent and the service was great. it's definitely a place pretty people like to go to be seen and spend money, but that didn't influence my enjoyment. i had blackberry sorbet for dessert, which was gorgeous and sweet and delicious and rich and i just love sorbet. andrew had the mars bar cake and yee gan had the hot chocolate fudge cake. definitely recommend this place. excellent food, excellent service and everything excellent in between. it's definitely on the pricey side, and the 12.5% service charge is popped on at the end, but i thoroughly enjoyed hush. a must visit in mayfair! excellent customer service and fantastic food. ambiance will take your breath away. sit outside under heat lamps. walking there is quaint through small alleys. reminds me of bellagio italy. in a secluded little alley of london lies hush. i think hush is a fun little venue. menu was standard "modern british" fare which for a new yorker like myself seemed like "standard new modern" restaurant fare. there is something to please everyone from the wanna be vegan (moi) to the carnivores in my group. bar seems lively and the restaurant ambiance is decent. what keeps me from a better rating is that hush is simply ok. nothing memorable nothing special. but definitely a good group venue. hush is one of those hidden just out of sight restaurants that you hear about but never quite end up going to try on a whim because...well you just don't see it. i assume it's called hush to imply it's a secret dining escape in the middle of the city or perhaps they just want you to shut up and stop whining about the tourists. first off, the entrance is a little deceptive as the most obvious route from oxford circus actually takes you to the back entrance. now this entrance has an awning over the door which says "hush" so you wouldn't be faulted for thinking perhaps they are going the speakeasy route with a very minimalist entrance. nope, the actual entrance (and fairly large outdoor seating area) is just around the corner. ladies beware - the path is cobblestoned which would make heels a tricky proposition unless you have a handy gent's arm for support (unless said gent is also wearing heels in which case you're outta luck).the interior is elegant with small but comfortable dining area on the ground floor and a pretty slick bar on the upper floor. however, despite having a number of friendly staff around, service seemed a bit slow. perhaps it's because we were chatting away and had to ask for a couple of minutes more the first time, but surely that's no reason to forget about us?we had been discussing various approaches to slow cooked meats, and with this on my mind i had to opt for the pulled pork starter. now, if you've been following my reviews, you probably know i'm partial to a burger and considered trying the hush burger until i found out it was merely a patty on a bun with a bit of lettuce as a garnish. for 13, i expect a little more style in a dish particularly for a place trying to be as glam as hush. instead i opted for the fish cake - a choice i later came to regret.the pulled pork was tender and juicy but the marinade and sauce leant more towards sickly sweet rather than the full bodied tangy flavours i've come to associate with such a dish. the sauted apple in a calvados reduction didn't help matters at all nor did the brioche shell it was served in. overall, it felt as if they had tried to make a pulled pork dessert - an odd choice in general and even more so when considering this was designed as a starter.my main was singularly disappointing and lacked in flavour, creativity, and all round taste. the salmon fishcake was under seasoned and overcooked and the tomato relish, while tasty, was provided in insufficient quantity to add sufficient flavour to each bite. however, the side of parmesan truffle fries were excellent and i confess i was greedy and ate more than my fair share of that. i'd happily go back for that time and time again as a snack with a drink. my dining companions confirmed that their food also was perfectly fine just lacking that wow factor you'd hope for given the level of style (and price) that hush aims for.finally, dessert! we shared a selection of the sticky toffee pudding, black berry sorbet, and mars bar cheesecake with praline ice cream. the star of the show was definitely the sticky toffee pudding with was rich, sweet, and fluffy - exactly what you want in such a pudding. the blackberry sorbet was tart and refreshing and couldn't be faulted. the mars bar cheese intrigued me as i wasn't expecting to find a dessert based on a candy bar in such a place. to be honest, it was just a cheesecake with a bit of chocolate and wafer but little resemblance to my memory of a mars bar (granted it's been a while since i've had one - do they even sell them in the uk?). overall, probably the best course of the night.all in all, i'd say hush is a nice place for a drink (and some parmesan truffle fries) but given the stiff competition from other restaurants in the area (sketch, little & pollen social, etc) i think it needs to up its game if it wants to compete on the restaurant front. but given that it was quite full even on a wednesday, perhaps there is enough of a market even for them! i had a wonderful meal at hush. we made a reservation for our party of five, which turned out to be unnecessary; it was surprisingly empty for a sunday night. the waitress was quite friendly, though overall the service was a bit slow considering how few people there were. my food itself was delicious. i had the salmon with artichoke mash and split the sauted green beans, the roasted squash with pine nuts and raisins and the beetroot salad with my boyfriend. the portion sizes weren't huge but they were reasonable. everything was great, and i came close to ordering seconds of the roasted squash.overall it was a great meal, and i would love to come back next time i'm in town. very stylish cocktail bar/restaurant in mayfair. i love the surroundings and although it's quite famous, i didn't know this place until a couple of months ago, when i found it by chance while wandering around new bond street. the courtyard is really lovely, i wish i could bear the english weather and have lunch/dinner there sometime, but less than 20 is not acceptable for my spanish background. still, i kept hush in my mind and when i saw a deal to try their new hendricks high tea menu at half the price, i bought it instantly. afternoon tea is served in the cocktail lounge on the first floor, and the hendrick's option includes a choice of a hendrick's gin cocktail, a sample of a hendrick's gin molecular cocktail and finger sandwiches, scones and mini macarons. staff are very kind and pleasant and presentation is impeccable. they have those cute hendrick's teapot and cups, for example. now, the food. sandwiches were really good, specially the chicken and avocado on on poilne bread. the warm scones were good as well, and i really liked the trio of jams (wendy brandon's rose petal jelly was really special although maybe too sweet, gooseberry and elderflower was my favourite). macarons weren't as good as the rest of the menu, though. the only thing i didn't like were the cocktails. we had the hush wolfsberry (hendrick's gin infused with rose petals and goji berries, goji liqueur, edible flower) and as sample something with peach puree and earl grey tea foam, i believe. it's not that they weren't good, i guess it's because i'm not a big fan of alcoholic drinks and those cocktails were the strongest i've ever had! i suppose it's similar taking an average starbucks-caramel vanilla extra sugar and whipped cream frappuccino coffee drinker to spain/portugal and offer him a "caf solo". even if it's good, they wouldn't like it. i could barely finish the sample one, so my boyfriend had 2 hush wolfsberry and 1 sample molecular one. he said it was the best afternoon tea he has ever had :) with a buzzing cocktail lounge and chi-chi decor, this place seems an ideal spot for kicking off a girls night out. start here and then go to the mews next door for a cocktail or three!and...top tip: 50% off if you have a taste london card! i had the agnolotti with duck confit as a main course - lovely, but needed more seasoning. the mars bar cheesecake was decadent and delicious.the service was quite slow and not very responsive - perhaps i'm too used to the impeccable service in new york. this was my conversation with the waiter:me: i'd like a glass of champagne, pleasewaiter: would you like one of our spritzer cocktails?me (confused): no, just a glass of champagnewaiter: how about a mimosa? wouldn't you like a mimosa?me (now irritated): no - just a glass of champagne.that said - food was decent - a nice place for a group dinner! came here with a friend for lunch.we out outside, which was lovely! the food was amazing and the staff were nice and friendly. couldn't fault this place! this place should be so much better than it actually is.a great little setting, in a cobbled alleyway off bond street and feels a world away from any of the hustle and bustle just moments away. however, the food and service do not match anywhere near the price they charge for their exclusive location. it was so bad in fact i had to ask to have the service charge taken off our already extortionate bill (65 for a couple of burgers and a glass of wine each - i think not).it could have just been a bad day (wimbledon was being shown on their large outdoor tv so maybe all their staff were distracted...) but still, it will take a lot to get me back in here. the waiting staff were great. i wasn't feeling that well when i first arrived and the waitress offered me a cup of camomile tea which settled my stomach and i was able to have a schnitzel.my mum had the tuna salad which looked amazing and tasted great.great food, just wish i could have had more to eat. there is a lovely outside courtyard so you can dine al fresco, and as this brasserie is down a little alleyway you're away from the hustle and bustle of london life and pollution!note: this place does accept taste london cards, 50% off any meal for 2.i went with a friend, we both had delicious rib eye steaks with bernaise sauce and some truffel and parmesan chips to go with it. perfectly tasty and a nice vibe with helpful waitresses and a swinging bar next door for cocktails after. this is my first yelp review. very nice restaurant, you can dine on the patio outside, first floor or the second floor (request where you want to sit when you make your reservation). we found the second floor to be less crowded and quieter, which we prefer.service was very good, with three different people coming by throughout the meal for various items, although i didn't feel like our main waiter gave came by very much. as seems common here in london (first visit), you have to wave over the waiter to get your check. i would be positive and say this is a sign they're in no rush to hustle you out the door.food was excellent - i recommend the carmelized onion tart as a starter. it's like a sweeter, solidified french onion soup in a small pie with a very flaky crust. for dessert, the white chocolate and earl grey crme brle was fantastic. wonderful restaurant in a secluded spot which has a lovely terrace area outside for a bit of al-fresco when the weather permits. the silver room and the cocktail bar are upstairs and are a mix of intimate dining area's, a really nice bar and a larger more main stream area capable of seating larger groups. i have eaten here many times and it is one of my favourite places to go for a quiet and relaxing meal either for two or with a group of friends. service is always good and the menu which changes form time to time is always top notch. slightly formal but you need that for it to fell special, this would be a good place to celebrate something special, to entertain business lunches or dare i say it - for that intimate evening with a loved one. definitely worth a visit, i think you will enjoy. i loved hush. the whole area, little alley way with a number of restos and smushed outdoor space was one of the first times i felt like i really find a little hidden gem in this town and right by oxford circus too, love when that happens! hush is clearly very trendy but being a new yorker i love places that serve up great ambiance with good food and this place doesn't disappoint.i had the salmon tartar in appetizer which was a very good portion and with just a hint of chili was fantastic. finished it up with a medium spicy steak tartare for my main. i enjoyed it but could have been a bit lighter on the capers... my personal preference though.really, it's for sure a place i will be back to, love the location, enjoyed the food, loved the vibe of being some where you know something cool is going down! when i got invited to the qype event, i realised that i had indeed been there a few years before. it is certainly a place littered with posh city types, but that didn't bother me as the cocktails were mightily fine. i had one with sake and a floating pansy it in and it was divine. i took part in the cocktail masterclass and discovered my love for the classic gin fizz. the mixologist was rather patient with me as i was a bit rubbish with my cocktail shaking technique. the venue is stunning and as it's just off the main drag of oxford street, it doesn't feel like you are in central london. its beautiful courtyard gives it a distinctly mediterranean feel. i will be returning with bells on! :o) full of wealthy lavish corporate people, with suitably luxuriously decorated restaurant and bar. the food is good, not the best ever, but just worth the price. the wine is very good and service is as well. the 50% toptable discount makes it well worth it :-) for a more modern take on afternoon tea rituals try hush whose peaceful courtyard and elegant dining room are a quick detour from regent street and new bond street.the decent selection of sandwiches and scones are ample to snack on while drinking the hendrick's gin-based cocktails. there are a couple of moleculars, a couple of infused martinis and a hot tea infusion for the brave. try the hendrick's spring from the infused section, hendrick's gin infused with lavender and cucumber, garnished with a lavender flower.once you've worked your way through the short but effective menu bring yourself round with a sugar-shot from a bougie mini macaron and prepare for some frivolous shopping. our advice, head straight to sandro on south molton street, a pleasant 2 minutes wobble away.24.74 for high tea with one cocktailsurplus cocktails are 9 each i went to the qype cocktail making event here last night and was very impressed. the venue has a great courtyard location just off bond street. sitting outside on a lovely evening with a cocktail or two would be great. inside is very dark and full of men in suits drinking. it's definitely a place you'd want to get a little dressed up for, although there's no dress code. the staff were all really friendly and helpful. the cocktails were great, as was being let lose behind the bar. thanks for organising it sarah and nice to meet a few fellow qypers. we've been here more than once and the food varies from ok to good. the service is always excellent. enjoyable the atmosphere is generally buzzing and often a bit too noisy to hear conversations in some parts of the restaurant. the prices are pretty high but possibly average for the locality, expect minimum 25 per head. hush is visually very interesting. a combo of lush and industrial. the lighting was just enough to see, the wavy bar along one side, the staircase, teh slightly raised area with tables. interesting.food. eh. it was ok. we had an artichoke that was half wonderful, half undercooked/burned. the beef carpaccio was tender and great, but desperately needed more salt. for mains we had duck confit, which was quite good, but whatever it was served with was lost in the shuffle. needed to be more... stand outish? something was missing. i had a ahi tuna sald which was amazing. but slightly drenched with amazing sauce/dressing which was fantastic at the start, but by the time we finished it the last few bites were swimming. dessert was a mars bar cheesecake (omg!!!!) with praline ice cream. perfect texture, fantastic way to finish a meal.  the wine was a sauvignon blanc, recomended by who i think was a manager, which was fine. very drinkable, but nothing special about it.the waitstaff: a bit clueless. when we first came in, a manager with glasses greeted us and let us pick a table. i was never really sure who our server actually was, it felt like they all kind of did random things. the manager who actually took our orders honest almost makes me want to give hush two stars. he was a disaster. rushed, rude, and oblivious. when we were leaving we went to get our coats and he just brushed us aside and rushed somewhere. saying he would be back. at least take our ticket for the coat and get to it in a second. would i come back? maybe. its another place i now know.shrug, lovely venue with attractive decor and stunning outside space. i went with a friend and she had parsnip soup, chips and chocolate icecream while i had foie gras with an artichoke salad, roasted squash with pine nuts and raisins, and rhubarb rice pudding.the food was stunning, especially the foie gras which i had never tried before in my life, just thinking the saturated fat content made my heart skip a beat! well worth trying but i think my arteries will be grateful if i never eat it again!i absolutely adored the rice pudding, which arrived with a deliciously crunchy caramelised top, a subtle orange aroma and the tart rhubarb to cut through the sweetness of it all.the only criticism is that the waitress wanted to charge us for a drink we didn't order (8.75) and we had to fight our corner to demonstrate it wasn't us who ordered it!a good dining experience overall.	0	0	1	0	1
 we found this place because we were staying at the ace hotel just a block away. we've been to peru and love the food. we tried several of the ceviches and they were amazing and each quite distinct. the hot dishes included beef, lamb and grilled octopus. we enjoyed them all. the food was at the same time authentic to that we had in peru and yet better than we had in our travels there. great peruvian drinks based on pisco as well. you know a place is worth a review and raving review when you come back for breakfast two days in a row. i've had peruvian food, but nothing quite like andinas'. unfortunately, i am only able to review on the breakfast as i didn't have enough time to eat lunch, dinner or their weekend brunch menu (my only complaint is that i wish they provided this menu all days of the week-sad i only stumbled on this on weekday and left before weekend). for beverages:-fuerza: a must order hot drink!! made with quinoa, apple, cinnamon, milk and moca, this milky creamy latte consistency of a drink gave me the feels.-hot emoliente: another must order hot drink. if you're not feeling anything milky, i suggest ordering this. barley, linseed, alfalfa and quince. can't get anymore healthy than this. weekday breakfast items:-pudding de maiz (corn souffl with slice of bacon, smeared avocado pure with the perfect poached egg)-sweet potato pancakes: i mean ,come on!! so good-chia seed pudding. holy moly. will blow your mind away with a cookbook of their own, you know that andina doesn't mess around. get your tushy over here now. as others have noted, this restaurants proximity to the ace hotel makes it an attractive destination for visitors to london. i highly recommend starting off with a cocktail, and the one to get is the pisco sour. the other highlight of the evening was the grilled octopus which is one of the best dishes i've had as of late.the other items we ordered were the steak, the sea bass ceviche, and the chullo salad. i would pass on the steak next time, but the ceviche was quite good. excellent, friendly service made this a place to come back to next time we're in town. really good food. was recommended by a colleague, her suggestion of going to andina's did not disappoint. food was great, pisco sours were alcoholic, atmosphere loud and service decent. i actually took someone here, thought i'd impress them, granted it was an expensive night, but food was worth it. funny story, i asked for the bill, went to the loo and when i got back my date had paid for the whole thing!?!? felt like i owed her one, sure i've paid it all back by now with food and wine. anyway...i've just gone on and written a mini story/essay.8/10 for ceviche. there are two other places for ceviche nearby (kinda), one called 'ceviche' in old st and another in kingly court (can't remember the name of this place, also not actually that close). andina beats them on the quality of food imho, but can seem a bit pricy. i've been excited to come here because of all the great reviews! we finally made the trip and were surprisingly seated right away. there are two floors, a very relaxing yet romantic atmosphere, and dim lighting with a rustic vibe. service started off average then turned out to be awful. my niece asked the waitress to take back the shrimp because she tasted it and found it tasteless and hard to eat. you literally get little pieces of the shell left over in your mouth which is why i said it's hard to eat. the waitress asked if she liked it to which my niece replied "no" but wasn't offered anything to replace it. we just found that weird because if you know your customer is unhappy with what they received, typically the waiter is supposed to ask them if they would like to order anything else.to drink i got an americano coffee which was your average american cup of coffee. but anyways, to eat i also got the shrimp which i also found tasteless but as i was starving i ate them anyway. i also got the torrejas de pltano which was so good! whatever the cream stuff was it came with was super satisfying and really complimented the pltano. the last thing i got was the tacu tacu which is basically braised eggplant but omg it was the best eggplant i've ever tasted! my niece also got this and she's not a fan of eggplant but found this dish very delicious. lastly, my niece got the chips (fries) with huancaina sauce which was nothing special, just average. for dessert we got the doughnuts which were god awful! a manager came by and asked if everything was ok and my niece asked if there was supposed to be a filling inside which he replied "no" to. she asked this because the doughnuts were definitely undercooked. there was clearly raw batter inside so the manager apologized and took it away. apart from the manager coming around from table to table to ask how everything was going, the waitress never asked how we were doing or if i wanted another coffee. our major problem here was that my niece ate two pieces of shrimp yet was charged for it and when she asked the waitress about this she's like how it was halfway eaten which it wasn't. however, the doughnuts we ordered (which were actually halfway eaten) we weren't charged for so i don't really understand her logic. we didn't want to argue she argued to pay for this. when the bill finally came the shrimp was off of it, so, again, i don't understand why they were going to make her pay if the second time around the shrimp wasn't on the bill.i also don't see the point in the waitress asking if she liked the shrimp if she wasn't going to do anything about it -- makes no sense! also, as a manager, when there's a customer complaint they typically come back around more than once but after that initial visit, he didn't check on us nor did he seem to care that our experience wasn't a good one. i'm really not a complainer but coming as a visitor from one developed country to another, you expect a certain level of service which definitely was not fulfilled at aldina. we travelled 30 minutes by bus in the pouring rain to get here because of all the great reviews but unfortunately we didn't have the same positive experience the majority has seemed to have had here. i typically never rate this low but after the treatment we received, i couldn't give a good rating, regardless of the fact overalli enjoyed my food. i just wish that establishments could understand that service is just as important as the food being served and can make or break a situation. there are times i can recall where i've been to a restaurant where i didn't necessarily enjoy the food but gave a good rating because of the amazing service and actually went back to try something different on the menu. this goes to show that as a consumer we don't just pay for food but service as well. time to step it up! such a good twist on the taps that you're used to. the ceviche is amazing, and everything else has really intricate flavors. make sure you reserve a table, it's a pain to get a table. also, watch out when sharing - somedishes are impossible to share with more than two people. also, if you are really hungry, be prepared to quickly spend at least 30 a person (hence only 4 stars) :) they have lovely food here. i was a big fan of the ceviche and the scallops. very yummy. i'm also a fan of how beautiful it is- they do a wonderful job of presenting the food. i'd say it wasn't tooooo classy that they let us wait around for a while before taking our order and then reminding us that we needed to leave within 2 hours a few times... but hey, the food was lovely and beautiful, and we had a nice time. their drinks are great too! i'd come again and just make sure to yell when i want to order. ;) noticing this is a 4 star rated restaurant and reading great reviews from yelpers whom i have great respect for, i was very disappointed with my experience.my dining partner had booked a table for the two of us. when i arrived, given it was a thursday night, this was a wise move as the place was packed. a little too snug on the table spacing but for hip trendy shoreditch, i don't think many mind.the dish i wanted was not available so opted for the pan fried secreto iberico and whilst this was to be found under the 'street food' section of the menu, it was reasonably priced at 13 so expected, if not a larger serving of the meat then at least reasonable additional food items on the plate. it was essentially a small cut of pork with a smear of cauliflower puree. the pork was average, some chewing required but the plate was scrapped clean just because of hunger.  i feel the waitress could have provided some insight into the portion sizes and maybe recommendations of e.g. people tend to order x plates, etc. with wine and much catch up talk, we were informed it was nearly 9pm (we didn't ask for the time) and that the next booking would be arriving soon. we were not told that there was a turnaround time on the tables. this is something i actively avoid in restaurants as their goal is clearly about how many people can be served rather than the experience and maybe repeat custom.with that, no dessert was ordered and we left with me being pretty hungry given the portion size. we departed having paid our 60 bill (1 bottle of wine 2 'mains' and a shared starter) very disappointed and not intending to return. good old-fashioned peruvian food with a modern, and dare i say, deliciously-healthy twist. the prices may be a little steep for some people looking for a simple breakfast or brunch, but the quality is worth it, and really, check out the area this place is in. it's like the up-and-coming arts district of london. it is usually packed, but if there aren't too many in your group, you may be able to snag a table downstairs. now, down to the food. their brunch items are super popular here, and with good reason. the fare is heavy in south american favorites like purple corn, quinoa, sweet potato, exotic fruits, cassava, and other such healthy-for-you starchy goodness. their sweet potato pancakes with spiced chancaca honey, coconut whipped cream, seasonal fruit, and dried physalis is a decadent way to start your day while still feeling like you're doing something good for your body. sort of.the rest of their menu items vary from the sweet to the savory, light to the hearty, and everything in between. they also make superfood smoothies and juices in house, and while not cheap, you may be able to use one as a quick meal replacement that may keep you satiated for a few hours. and if you love starting your day with booze, they offer some high-quality options of that, too. so cocktails are great. my friend and i had a maracuy sour, my other friends had a rio manu. both delicious. we shared about 12 dishes between the four of us. a couple of things on the menu weren't available but the ceviche was amazing (we had classic and yana). then ordered tacu tacu, fillet steak, prawns and some corn chips. the food was great, it's not the cheapest night out in that area if you're on a budget but it was definitely yummy. would go back. another little corner place i've walked past on a number of occasions and made a mental note to go back to.today was that day by sheer coincidence, my flatmate invited a trio of us along and only on arrival did the penny drop (and my excitement levels rocket).this is definitely my new go-to brunch venue in shoreditch. the menu left me in a tizz trying to decide what i wanted, it just all looked, sounded and smelled so good! open kitchen next to the seating means you can observe the chefs as they put the plates together and is certainly a cause to wet your appetite! gorgeous brunch grub with a (you guessed it) peruvian twist - coriander mayonnaise, sauted mushrooms and spinach with whole roasted garlic, eggs poached to pure perfection! this was also my first try of a pisqo sour (amazing - recently recommened in timeout as one of the best places to go for one and i would absolutely second that) and quinoa milk latte (they don't serve soya so this was the alternative - double amazing). flavoursome and beautifully presented (it took all my willpower not to pocket the kitsch earthenware cup my espresso was delivered in) - i highly recommend a taste! cosy, warm environment, friendly prompt staff - the perfect venue to fuel up for the day with friends before a trip around spitalfields or a day of photography around the well graffitied streets of shoreditch. dinner was just not very good. consistently bland and boring despite ambitious descriptions.artichoke tamal was terrible - vinegary, canned-tasting, stringy artichoke in very little masathe bistec escabochado was good - but maybe 3 oz total. it was very mild-flavored beef, with a slightly vinegary salsa that worked, but wasn't exciting.the cherna, or chili-marinated stone bass was also nicely cooked, but i drenched each bite in the sauce to get a hint of heat.we were going to order the chullo salad, until we saw it arrive at the seat next to us - it looked like plain wedges of beets and orange. instead, we got the causa huanuco. while it tasted decent, and the dry powdered beets were fun to scrape off the plate, i wondered "why is it cold? why are the beets crunchy? where's the seaweed? what is this other green stuff?" i checked the menu/placemat - it was a flavorless avocado crema.the jocote, whipped up quickly in a blender, was nicely frothy with egg white, with a light gin flavor. like the food, it wasn't particularly strong or complex. unlike the food, it was tasty.25 each later, we left hungry. restaurant with ingredients of top quality and great preparations. service is very careful and friendly as well. it is pretty pricey but it is something you should expect given that there aren't many peruvian restaurants around. i've loved this place for a few years having eaten some of the best food in the world there, but tonight was the first time i took a visiting american, my husband and my 11yo daughter. our reservation was found immediately (pre-booking is critical) and we were led to a table in the front next to the bar. although loud, the bar is a fun and lively place to sit and enjoy people watching. we ordered a variety of dishes which included nibbles, 2 ceviches (andina and yana), very very strong black olives (you are hereby warned), corn cakes (scrumptious), an eggplant dish, the sublime pork belly and a few other incredible plates. the 11yo ordered a smoothie to drink, which she promptly knocked over. an amazing ballet ensued, where 3 members of staff rushed to our aide. 1 cleaned the table, 1 cleaned the floor, and 1 chased me down as i ran to the ladies to offer handbag cleaning services. amazing! and to top it off, the same handbag cleaning gent assured my daughter that he had also had a clumsy night with smoothies, resulting in donning his 3rd clean shirt for the evening! he did a wonderful job making her feel better and we were back to normal in no time. pisco sours are a must and i also had a beautiful glass of wine. for afters, we shared a platter of pumpkin doughnuts with the most delicious port-style dipping sauce, while the daughter had a stunning passion fruit cake. we love love love andina. you must go there. great food and brilliant drinks.i cannot sing the praises of andina enough. they peruvian food is delicate and flavorsome.the staff are attentive, bringing us a range of small plates at precisely the right times. this nibbling style of eating is delightful, each dish providing a new delight to the eyes as well as the taste buds.the cuisine provided here is fun and intriguing, their aren't many peruvian places around and certainly not so well executed.from the people who brought us ceviche this restuarant has a similar vibe, not so loud and noisey but still buzzing with conversation. a great place for a date. ceviche is indeed on the menu but this is only part of the offering.i'd highly reccomend it.on a side note they have a whole vegan menu, my date was eating only vegan food and could not rave enough about how delicious it was. so a truly great option for those with specific dietary requirements. the food was decent but the service and environment was stressful! the waiter forced us to order an extra tapas dish. i ordered fried plantains and shrimp but had to order a third dish so i ordered the chips. my friend ordered pork belly and plaintains. as suspected, i was full after the two dishes and felt stuffed with a bit of the chips. they also rushed us out of the restaurant. overall, i wouldn't come back due to the stressful service. i went to andina on a date, and it was such a treat. the andina ceviche, flower tempura (different name on menu) and the grilled octopus were delicious. the restaurant serves food that makes you think- the textures are playful and the flavor combinations unexpected. what made this experience 5 stars was our server, maddalena, who truly made us feel welcome like we were old friends and provided exceptional care throughout the meal. been here now 5x in the past 2 months and i'm not only never disappointed but my peruvian mother (from lima) also not only approves but loved this place. i love this. hands down. also had the aguadito de marisco and it blew my mind. very good. only complaint from my mother was that there was not enough food, but that's what tapas means. so don't mind my mama. in love with this place. i have come here for brunch, lunch and dinner several times, always with a new friend. and i leave happy every time!  recently for brunch we tried the huevos q'apachana, two poached eggs, spicy potato puree, spinach, chestnut mushrooms, huancaina sauce. this is the perfect brunch dish. the puree is silky smooth, and the mushrooms are delicious. i am obsessed with huancaina sauce after my travels in peru. and andina has huancaina sauce in dishes all over the menu...they get it.i tried the chicharron sandwich - confit pork belly, soft bun, camote ketchup. absolute comfort food. the pork belly was so tender, and the camote ketchup delicious.my friend really enjoyed the picante de huevos, as recommended by our waiter. this did not disappoint, especially with a tamal!  from the lunch/dinner menu, i cannot recommend the corn cake & avocado enough - i could eat this every day. once you taste it, you will know why.it is difficult to fault any dish on andina's menu. each one has different textures, and loads of flavour.great cocktails and smoothies. get a pisco sour! the only negative thing i have to say is that the chefs love to top every dish with a mountain of raw red onion, which i really dislike so have to take off every time. i must try to remember to ask the waiter to exclude the mountain next time. i've been to andina a couple of times, for both breakfast and to pop in quick for dessert/a drink. my first brunch was good (and i thought a better dining experience than their sister restaurant ceviche in soho) but this past visit and dessert was truly delicious. for a drink, my girlfriend and i decided to go non alcoholic and both had fuerza a mix of quinoa, apple, cinnamon, milk, maca. the server warned us ahead of time that the drink is quite thick and can be a 'meal' in and of itself. it was really delicious (if you dont' like your drinks too sweet) and part of me wanted to grab the recipe to have something healthy to warm up next to a fire with! for dessert, the picarones doughnuts which came with icecream and two dips. i can't recommend this highly enough - if you like melt in your mouth donuts - this is the place to go and the meal to try. i keep dreaming about these and can't wait to bring friends in town visiting when i show them around shoreditch.the only con both times has been the service - both times i've been here i've found the hostess' to be quite abrupt - i'm sure it is difficult to figure out seating (especially for walk-ins) but both times i haven't felt quite welcomed upon arrival. that being said, once seated the servers have always been very friendly! while pricey and hard to snag a reservation, this eatery cannot be missed in shoreditch. easily the best and inventive peruvian tapas i've ever had. while you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, the namesake ceviche and croqueta de maca where especially memorable. the yana ceviche and conchitas are also a must try. we had the recommended 3 tapas per person and it was more than enough food, although i could have had much more it was so good. as far as drinks, stick with the pisco sours, they were awesome. delicious food and good service. i really enjoyed the corn cake and choclo burger. the smoothies and cocktails were good, too. next time i'm in london, i'm coming back to andina. hubs took me here for my birthday since we enjoyed ceviche in soho. the atmosphere is fairly similar to ceviche, but for some reason it feels a little more casual. it is definitely less crowded, too!though i normally don't drink cocktails, i decided to go for it and try a tamaya pisco. it was quite sweet so not really what i like, but i think if you did like cocktails any pisco from their menu would be great.i ordered the palm hearts salad, grilled octopus, and shared the dulce con cafe (dessert). all were very delicious, but i particularly liked the octopus and the dessert. hubs got the chicken from the grill and really enjoyed that, which made me guess that most items from the grill selection would be tasty!we were so full we nearly didn't order dessert, but the waiter highly recommended the dulce con cafe so we gave it a try, and we were glad we did! such a wonderful way to finish off a lovely meal. all i can say i am craving a trip back to london for this place! excellent peruvian good -- creative, well thought of, healthy and most importantly, so so so good.all these superfoods we know of have taken a new identity and have become cooler and tastier than ever. the ceviche selection was five stars, the corn bread was amazing, as all our orders were!! we were able to try one of their limited desserts - a deeply satisfying bowl of legit dulce de leche with other yummy things added to it. my god did i finish that bowl and got so sugar high!! worth it.anyway, bottomline: i love this place. i am a man who loved a good sandwich. if you are restaurant and you make a good sandwich and you put that sandwich in front of me and i eat it, i will be happy. this is a fact.and andina, makes a good sandwich.granted that's not really what they're known for. this is a fun peruvian spot in the middle of shoreditch and it's lovely. lots of light, lots of seating, very friendly and attentive staff, the works.i came for breakfast, so i can't speak to anything but that. however, i got the chicharron sandwich with came with confit pork belly, soft bun and camote ketchup and it was only about 5, so tasty and well priced. if i was hungrier i could have ordered more (my boss who i was with got the full peruvian, which was a nice take on the full english and it looked great), but the sandwich was enough.i'll have to come back for more, but what i've seen, impresses. peru.in 1978 they turned scotland over properly in the world cup, and they did it in the most stylish of kits, diagonal sash stripe and all. we should have left it on that high note. but now they're back. and it's their cuisine they are asking us to fall in love with. it seems to be working. everyone banging on about it. time to get involved. andina.in the heart of shoreditch.helpful, passionate staff.comfy surroundings.everyone raving about the place.top lunchmates.ex boss paying.what's not to like?unfortunately, the food.it's not that it's executed badly. the dishes seemed to be made with love and care and passion.it's just - slightly nervous typing this - i'm not sure peruvian food is that nice.ceviche came with good meaty morsels of raw fish which i happily chomped through. but there's enough salt in the dish to make you wonder whether, served in any other guise, we'd spit it out and declare it poisonous.the quinoa dish looked beautiful. like an amazing multi coloured sand sculpture. it tasted like that too. pork belly in a bun was clumsy. the pork belly was incinerated. to my mind cuts like pork belly need time and patience. this dish was given neither and the morsels were presented on a needless hamburger bun and some sort of mayo that floated around and nobody ate.the scallops were delicious but there was a load of other stuff on the plate with it which confused matters. this was a general theme. lots of different things on each plate. none of them particularly enhancing the main event. it looked pretty but it tasted a bit all over the place.each dish that came out was interesting. but when you're describing something as interesting, bottom line is you're not really loving it.best dish we had was the prawn and squid bisque. it tasted just like something from a lovely local basque cafe. and it made me wonder if the truth is i just don't really like peruvian food. the nicest thing i ate was straight out of the med.we have a lot to thank peru for. the andes. illicit drugs. paddington bear. they can be happy with their contribution without foisting their grub on us thanks very much. excellent great tastes and super atmosphere. staff very friendly and full of good advise. this place has been on my brunch hitlist for a while now, and after last weekend i can happily nail my colours to the andina fan bandwagon! i'd booked ahead on a saturday at midday and it was a good job i did, as both the ground level and brightly lit lower level were heaving with hungry hipsters.we were seated downstairs by the friendly front of house, and our waiter immediately struck up some friendly banter which happily continued through the meal without feeling forced. he was particularly amused (as was i) with how quickly we both dysoned our food - it arrived at superspeed so we'd only been there about half an hour and already finished eating!food envy struck at the full peruvian breakfast my mate devoured, though my tastebuds were firing in all the right places with the poached egg and corn cake, served with avo, onion and some lovely spicy salsa and huancaina sauce. mmm a really great blend of flavours altogether and over far too soon - i could have had another right after it.luckily they weren't in a hurry to get rid of us, so we happily lingered to enjoy the lively music and some fresh juices (i had the ekeko mix of carrot, melon, maca and ginger and felt great!) followed by coffees. i'm not sure if it all stemmed from the friendly service but there is a real warm, happy feel to the place. the only reason it loses a star is being quite pricey for what it is, but much like others in the ever-popular shoreditch brunch line-up, it frankly doesn't need to give a damn. it might be a good thing actually, else i'd be here for brekkie every day!bonus toilet tip: yep the sink area is unisex, but the individual cubicles do have ms and fs on, which not everyone seemed to have spotted... wow - i have never tried ceviche before but after being taken by my friend who is peruvian she tells me it's the best in london. great service and friendly manager and we'll all the food was amazing - i tried all the spicy ceviche and pork belly and wow how the flavours lingered. being a foodie this has been one of my best experiences! i also took my 1 year old son who they were really good with! i can't wait to go back! you must check out this place!!! finally made it to andina! i took my lovely mum here after a harried redeye arrival from heathrow (is there any other form?) and it really hit the spot for a leisurely cafe breakfast. after several cups of their own special peruvian blend coffee (jolt!), a bowl of quinoa porridge with fresh fruit syrups/summer fruits, and some sourdough toast with avocado and scrambled eggs we were fighting fit to take on the day. quite delightful, actually. the service was great on a morning midweek. they have a lot more seating downstairs so if the top looks jammed, don't fret...do see the host. they also do a lot of things to takeaway including fresh squeezed juices. see the bar and get yours to go if in a rush. andina -- now added to my shoreditch breakfast options! peruvian-style.	0	0	1	0	0
 food was fresh and delicious. the sit down service was good. they allowed my wife to order from the other area since she wanted a salad and i wanted the linguini.set up is unique in that there are different food options for their two different areas.would definitely come back here for italian next time i am in london area. had a very late lunch and needed a quick late night snack/dinner. i saw this place was open until midnight on google so i went to check it out at around 11:10 pm. turns out they close at 11:30 so understandably they weren't preparing any more 12" pizzas. i grabbed a couple from behind the counter along with the large box of salad option. between the roasted pumpkin with ricotta, tomato pesto, and a prosciutto with mushroom, the roasted pumpkin with ricotta cheese was the favourite but as a cold slice, it wasn't much. as for the salads, i had four (up to four options for a large box). wasn't a huge fan of the pesto pasta salad, but the roasted veggies were pretty good. the caprese was okay as well but it was similar to what i could get at my local grocery store back home. i would stick with the roasted vegetables. the fennel salad was disappointing and i thought the flavour was muted down. service was fine. quick and relatively friendly. only thing is that the girl helping me dropped one slice of pizza (in a bag) on the ground behind the counter and then toppled the entire bag of all my pizzas and salads over when trying to hand it to me. felt a little clumsy and lacking of care. i suppose it was the end of the night and she must've wanted to go home.i may be inclined to come back for some of their desserts. they look divine. i think had i been more impressed with their by the slice pizza, i would've given them a full 3 stars. we have some pretty amazing places for by the slice pizzas back home though and it's much cheaper than $24.xx pounds for the equivalent to what i got. i could only give this place a solid 2-2.5 stars based on what i tried. needed a late night bite to eat yesterday and decided to check out this place for some pizza. brian thought it was awesome and i thought it was pretty good but nothing spectacular. all of the pizzas are as is. literally - what you see is what you get. the slices are not warmed up for you but it seems like the norm here in london. the dough was so fluffy and chewy. we both really enjoyed it and dipped a lot of the crust in olive oil and vinegar. dessert - there is a good variety. i went with the tiramisu since it is one of my all time favorite desserts and i thought it was average if not below average. it's one of those places you would stop at if you were nearby and wanted a quick bite but nothing you would go out of the way to get to. i have been drinking at the bar and was on my way to another one and suddenly i felt really hungry and this place was like this big enormous panera bread but with really good stuff probably better i ordered a goat cheese and sausage i think pizza be heated it up for me it was nice there were people eating late at night i don't know their hours but i just grabbed a piece of pizza for 5 pounds and took offi had had a few cocktails so i wanted something in my stomach i don't want to get drunk and crazy but the pizza definitely hit the spot excellent italian restaurant in central soho area. great variety of pizzas, pastas and all the italian deli. there is space for self service - sitting and quick ordering food from the bar with great selection of pre-cooked food and cold dishes, or sit in the area for normal ordering. reasonable prices and quick service. when you need good italian food in a casual but classy setting - with some good people watching thrown in... this is your place! i really enjoyed the food at princi. this place is hopping!! very busy when i stopped in... but worth the wait. i enjoyed both a pizza and a pasta... both fresh, hot, and perfectly paired with my rose and tomato salad. i am not italian, but this seemed to be as authentic as it can get in london. lot's of young folks here... the energy is great! enjoy! some of the best pizza i've ever had. if you live and or work in soho, princi should be on top of your list for a quick slice.there are so many delectable pies to pick from, the biggest problem you're going to experience is finding the slice that fits your needs! their sides and salads are also perfect. :) recommended to me by an italian. so i thought i would give it a go. turned out to be one of the better and most authentic pie i have had in london. crust is thin, toppings were just enough for flavour without overwhelming the slice. the pasta was cooked properly. coffee and robust and the pastries were top notch. what more could i ask for any time of the day. wardour street is one of my favourite spots on londons food map and following last weekend, it just got even better.looking for a relaxed brunch spot on a rainy day i thought a bakery/pizzeria must be the answer. upon entering the visitor is welcomed by a long display of baked produce and a smiling member of staff eager to find a seating spot for the guest. and that is not an easy task - the place is usually pretty crowded and no wonder, really, given the quality of food and central location. wanting to sample the bakery bit first i went for the pistachio girella, only to find out that these were sold out and the regular girellas were the only ones left. they were not disappointing but i already had pizza on my mind so having decided on pizza vesuvio i took a look around. princi is has quite a nice vibe to it - the decor is minimal with the colour and material palette resembling mediterranean aesthetic. i was seated against a wall but that was actually nice as there is a water rill running through the entire length of the wall fed by metal taps protruding from the wall. the sound of splashing water creates a nice vibe and softens the large volume of noise. talking about aesthetics i have to mention the toilets - nice touch, princi. right, back to my pizza. vesuvio arrived beautifully sprinkled with radicchio (italian chicory - looks a bit like red cabbage) giving it a pleasant, gourmet look. the toppings included pieces of beef ragu and also olive, fior di latte and black pepper. i prefer my pizzas low in fat so the choice of beef was not spot on but still not at all disappointing. the flavours played well together, softened nicely by fior di latte.a pleasant accent was provided by the lovely waitress distributing amongst the guests pieces if focaccia (drowned in olive)princi is altogether a relaxed, contemporary italian eatery that delivers a proper quality without too much fuss. i liked it! this was the first stop for dinner on my trip to london. great location right in the soho/ piccadilly circus area. great variety of italian bites including pizza, pasta, salads and desserts. the wait for the restaurant seating was too long so we opted for the counter service with self seating. staff was patient and heated up our pizza slices. overall, it was a good time with a chill vibe and popular italian drinks/beer. the reason i'm giving it 4 stars is because they could improve on being more organized with the counter service at checkout time. also, you can only order pasta if you sit at the restaurant table not if you opt for counter service. as far as we observed the hygiene standards is not very high in london restaurant business, no matter how nice & popular the place, once you see the kitchen & the toilets you regret why you ate there & people don't seem to mind either! but this place was so far the only really fresh, clean place we found! everything was really carefully made & served even tea & coffee had a lid so it wouldn't get cold. they are all italian ( it's italian pizza place) & we tried their breakfast which was absolutely beautiful! the price range is a bit higher but it was so worth it!oh and don't miss to try their italian coffee.so we went back here today for lunch to try their salad & pizza. all very good but a bit overpriced. the food was really good. i kept it simple with the margarita pizza. the portions are really big for the price they're asking. if i ever get back to london i would be going back. if you are hungering for a crapton of vegetables and salad mixes (think the type you can get at the whole foods pick-your-poison food bar), princi is definitely the place to hit up. they rotate out the salad selections often, and there is a mix of straight veg (broccoli and green beans, beets, dressed salad greens) to the heartier options like chickpeas and mozzarella cubes, tuna or chicken mixes, salmon and quinoa, etc. the price points are also fair, for a half salad running about 4.50 and the full salad about 8 depending on the lunch or dinner session.they also have a selection of hot foods as well as sandwiches, breads, and pretty pastries. you order at the counter like a true cafeteria, then pay at the end of the row, and pick your seat. there's bar seating and communal tables, making for a very open and friendly atmosphere. there's also a fresh juice bar, cocktails, and your standard espresso-based drinks. great for a late night bite to eat since they're usually open till around 11-1130 in soho, and the place is bustling. just know toward the late evening, they run out of salad options, so you may be stuck with only a few choices to fill that dinner plate. an efficient business model, they keep the place clean and tidy, and feeling very upscale even though it is a cafeteria-like in and out order-eat-and-go process. i was very lucky to find this while my short visit to london this week. i would definitely be there again any time i am in london . too bad we don't have that in san francisco yet. princi quickly became one of my favorite lunch places and they also had some of the best chocolate cakes i have ever had. i tried the gnocchi one, went for the sallads, you can choose different sallads so you get a little of everything. the pizzas are also great, i like the options that you can combine your food however you want, a little bit of this and that and it doesnt cost much. only downside is that it's not that charming to sit there and eat as it gets really loud during lunchtime. we picked up dessert from here on a friday night. they were packed! they have these guys in suits standing outside to greet you but they give me the feeling of mafioso bouncers or something. anyhoooo, we came to buy some dessert but honestly the place must be known for their main dishes and not dessert because the dessert was at most 2 to 2.5 stars. the ambiance, decor, and scene was really key and we did not even sit in. i think it is worth at least a visit or two to try the main dishes but i don't think i would give their desserts another chance. they get 3 stars total instead of two because of the decor and ambiance. seems to be a victim of it's own success. service was poor, but in defense of the waitstaff it just seemed like they were underprepared for the number of people they were trying to serve.went here for a casual dinner with friends and expected a wait since it was a busy saturday night. the food was good (tasty nduja sausage pizza with lots of spicy kick and a chewy crust!) and a good value (no mains more than 13), but not enough positives to counteract the poor service. some lowlights: - while waiting, 3 times being summoned by the hostess saying they were ready for us, only for us to have to wait still longer. we were ready to accept the wait so don't tell us it's ready until you're sure it is!- being brought out our appetizers before any of our drinks- one main being brought out to the table 15 minutes before the other 2 mains- after waiting the 15 minutes, one main was wrong. when i ordered, the waitress has corrected my pronunciation of the dish that i pointed to, so i know she heard me :)probably best to visit during a non-rush time. the quality and variety of pastry on offer looked very good, so perhaps it's earned a chance for a do-over from me. a delightful breakfast - great food, espresso worth going out of your way for, and warm, friendly service.the team at princi clearly care a great deal about their work, and it shows in their food. the 'charcoal oven porcini & parmesan tegamino eggs' was delightful - flavourful, balanced and generous.i'll be back for sure! we went for a casual girls' evening dinner and wine, and a good experience overall. i had linguini vongole, and the other girls had various types of pizza. my vongole was good, though i did wish they had bigger portions. the other girls seemed to like their pizzas. they had a reasonable selection of wine as well, ranging affordable to more pricey. service was overall good. they did get my order wrong initially, but they were nice about it and brought out my correct order in about 15mins time. things got busy toward the end of the evening, but i felt they were relatively on top of topping up our water, taking our requests, etc. not a bad service for the price and busy-ness. ambience was very casual and at times, noisy. but so long as your expectations are set, not a bad place to go for casual food and drinks. visited here saturday night and it was packed , we had trouble finding a seat , it's set out with long canteen style tables and is very lively.we settled for coffee , pear & chocolate slice and pasterina (ricotta & candied fruit tart) and it did not disappoint it was very tasty .there is a wide choice of milano style cuisine from bread,cake,pizza to salads and a selection of hot food. i would recommend giving it a try! my friends love this place and i can see why - sort of. but for me, it really doesn't tick many boxes.one things, it so busy and chaotic. people are milling around constantly looking for seats. you have to move your seat to let them pass every few minutes which gets tiresome. the food is good but when it's so busy - i just order the easiest and quickest thing to eat so have only had the pizza and cheese pastry things. one day maybe i'll try some pasta.anyway, what i mean to say is princi is okay. the food is okay but it's just to fill my tum and not for me to rave about how delicious it was. this place is a gem! i'm so glad my mom and i stumbled upon this place in soho. the food is amazing and love the wood fire oven and bakery. a casual setting for a great break from shopping. we will definitely be back! we originally planned to come here for a breakfast or dinner sessions but both times packed out we found time to go for lunch instead. we were only craving the pizza so we made a beeline for their selections. there's an open counter where you can order the pizza available, you go pay and choose your seats. definitely not table service here. what service we did gte was a bit miffed.we chose the four cheese pizza and pepperoni & cheese pizza plus diet coke for beverage. was a little pricey for such small selections but we were hungry. we found seats by their water feature dining wall area, rather than sit at the share tables with the crowds. because it was so busy still at lunchtime on a thursday.the pizza slices were large and yummy but not amazing. my partner loved them more than i did so he ate the rest of mine. i would still much prefer to try this place for breakfast but it'll have to be next time we're in town. princi has amazing service considering its super casual order at the counter and take your number. food was very good as well. delicious soft scrambled eggs with toast and avocado. amazing pancetta and egg croissant. much better cappuccino and breakfast than cote across the way. i was super amused by a french guy insisting to be served sitting at the window counter when its obviously an order at the display/register type place. he orders 4 instead of two eggs scrambled. his meal arrives its obviously more that 2 eggs and he proceeds to complain his order is missing the additional eggs. the manager checks with the chef who confirms what was served. the customer disagrees and they fire 2 more eggs for him. i guess the customer is always right. (this guy was so wrong on all levels but i digress.) super impressed with the service. a++ best pizza with giant mounts of buffalo mozzarella. other good things of note : raspberry cheesecake, pain au chocolate, and breakfast of toast, avocado and poached egg. it's a great place whatever you're in the mood for. quick breakfast on the go? check. sit in for a cocktail and nice meal? check. dessert and wine? check. slice of pizza and a salad? check. you can even choose between table service or ordering at the counter. decent food but terrible (often no) service. avoid if you are short on time. gail's, across the street, is faster, better, and more fun. i absolutely loved princi and frequented it a lot during my time in milano. when i got to london and saw that they have a location here i rushed straight over. the princi in london is exactly like their milan locations - the goods and the bads. you can choose between self-serve or full serve and i would recommend the latter to access their amazing menu. just like in the milan location you'll deal with a slightly strange staff and a weird ordering and seating system. bare with it because their food is worth the confusion. if you want to do it right, start the meal with zucchini fries & an aperol spritz and then end it off with a tiramisu. vegetarians - try the spaghetti with burrata - it's really damn good. come here if you're feeling patient and ready to have some of the best quality italian products served up in the best way. if they could up their service and organization in the restaurant i would up my review to 5 stars in a heartbeat! one of the best places in soho for pizza, once you've finished queuing up for about 15/20 minutes. there's some herbs in the thin crust dough but they never give away the ingredient. tastes amazing. everything else on the menu is standard. they used to do a cheese and tomato croissant but don't seem to have that. prices are fairly reasonable for the area. we ate at the restaurant which was ok, but it looked like the prepared foods were more delicious. i wish i had tried the amaretto, pumpkin, and mascarpone salad. came here to get a meringue the size of soccer ball. it was supposed to taste like raspberry, however, it just tasted like a vanilla meringue. mildly disappointing but nothing to affect this review. it's mostly a sit and sip and some pastries. fair prices and good customer service.	1	0	1	0	0
 excellent service, fresh seafood, chops and steaks. the staff was kind enough to serve us top notch food and libations well past the closing hour. thank you, again, gilbert scott! everything was perfect. we had a great time! disgusting! i traveled from nyc to london for the first time last week. as i was walking down from kings cross, i was mugged in front of this restaurant. being in a completely new place and loosing my only form of communication and direction, i ran inside. i was then turned away because according to the host they "had to much to deal with today". she refused to call the cops and refused to tell me where the police station was. she insisted for me to leave. how dare they treat someone like this. do not support them. flawless. the thing about london yea? it's medieval and modern at the same time. you come off the tube, come up to the street, go through some doors and instantly you are transported to another time and place. at gilbert's /st pancras hotel, the decor is to live for and the breakfast i had was transcendent and rich- just like the setting.must do again. fancy, fancy! lovely little spot for quiet drinks in decadent surroundings. really loved the decor in this lovely bar (part of the st pancreas renaissance hotel) - plush leather seats, dim lighting and a grand bar. it's not cheap in terms of prices (one of those places where the coaster and snacks -popcorn -arrive before your drink does). but when the drink does arrive, my are you impressed - perfectly made, quite potent and beautifully presented. definitely a place to go if you fancy splashing the cash, but definitely worth checking out. the gilbert scott a restaurant part of the grand st pancras renaissance a restaurant sympathetically designed to fit in as part of the old historical victorian hotel it's linked to offering an all day dining option including a wonderful afternoon tea at their bar. the bar is quite dimly lit and it's dark grey leather banquets and chairs against its deep red walls doesn't help make it any brighter, but that doesn't distract you from the grandness of the bar and it's beautiful intricate design with it's golden ornately corniced tripe high ceilings and bell shaped chandeliers dangling from them. the bar isn't exactly big and on a saturday afternoon it was quite dead which somewhat reduces the romantic aspect of it.however staff definitely made up for the lack of atmosphere with their consistent friendly approach at all time, all dressed professionally. we ordered the classic afternoon tea for 2 for 29.99. a delicious selection of sandwiches, cakes, pastries and scones. they even refilled our sandwich platter immediately after we finished the first platter without us asking and we even went through a third platter afterwards. our sandwiches included coronation chicken, egg and cress and trout mayonnaise, all deliciously made. the breads were pillow soft and fresh and varied from wholemeal to white bread,coronation chicken -very moreish with the mild creamy spices and succulent pulled chicken inside. egg and cress- was a fine concoction made from high quality eggs with rich yolks and creamy mayonnaise. trout mayonnaise- was lovely and full on flavour. some may find it too fishy but i very much liked it. the trout was fresh, sweet and flaky soft, accentuated by the mayonnaise that brought it together. sausage roll. this was definitely the highlight. the pork meat was fragrant, grounded with herbs which really boost its flavours and that golden crispy pastry really contrasted well with the filling.for the dessert section we were given chocolate tarts, lemon meringue tarts, coffee eclair, elderflower and poppy cake and a strawberry panna cotta. the chocolate tart was very smooth, a velvety light layer of chocolate mousse on top of a richer darker chocolate filling underneath. in terms of sweetness it was perfect and the tart itself was buttery and moist. the coffee eclair however was slightly too sickly sweet for me with the coffee cream inside being too overloaded with sugar so the coffee taste was very mild. but i still appreciated the freshest of the pastry and how delicately thin and airy it was. the lemon meringue tart was very refreshing, with the perfect ratio of sweet and sour so the sourness wasn't too overwhelming but just there to leave a lovely zesty note across the tart with the lovely creamy marshmallow balancing it out.elderflower poppy cake was incredibly moist and light, again not too sweet. the poppy seed gave it an interesting texture whilst the elderflower gave it a slight floral essence. the panna cotta was fantastic, thick and creamy with strong vanilla notes. the nuts added a lovely nutty flavour as well a contrast in texture and finished nicely with fresh bed sweet strawberries to lighten the heaviness.scones not the best scones i've had but still very fluffy and creamy. they were slightly dense but still very fragrant and buttery and the generous clotted cream and strawberry jam helped soften the textures, allowing me to make my own little masterpiece. they were all very high quality with plenty of strawberry bits in the jam giving it more that natural sweetness rather than just sugar. when it came down to food and the quality of the teas and sandwiches, the gilbert scott afternoon tea is definitely one of my favourites, beating the ritz and ting at the shard. everything was fresh, unique sandwich idea which made it refreshing and paired with excellent service. however it's small venue, cold dimmed lighting and emptiness does make it a lot less attractive compared to other afternoon places. but for 29.00 i'm definitely please with my experience there. hopefully it will gain in popularity so next time i go, the lack of atmosphere will no longer be a problem. decided to book here for my wife's birthday, and were not disappointed. while i think there was overall some niggles that could be resolved, i was quite pleased with the outcome overall. we arrived slightly before our booked time and were shown to our table. it had the corner of a larger booth, so we sit on the two adjoining sides of a table rather than opposite each other. first niggle was when we got our menus - we'd booked because of the set menu at the time, and yet they only brought the al la carte one - we had to ask for the set menu (despite being in the middle of the timeslot that the set menu could be ordered from, and a table next to us already ordering from that menu).but this was only a niggle - but then i was concerned that the lamb shoulder could be fatty as a main, and so opted to pay the extra to get the steak. the missus had the lamb shoulder, and i regret not going for it - it was pulled lamb stacked into a little cake. it totally needed some potatoes, so we were glad that we ordered a mashed potato side to go with it. stunning mash as well. for my steak, it came with fries, and a really good bearnaise sauce which had the consistency of a foam. it had to be teased out of the little gravy boat it came in. but a thoroughly good pair of mains - although the lamb was by far the superior dish.dessert was disappointing. on the set menu, there was a choice of carrot cake, a panna cotta, a cheese course (that was extra) and a undescriptive dish of raspberries, poppy seed and lemon. we were both excited by the carrot cake, but it wasn't a great one and was disappointing. i could see how it was a take on a carrot cake, but frankly i would have preferred to get a far more typical cake. the service was 95% good and the rest a bit iffy. the staff managed to keep busy the entire time, yet were there when you wanted one. only at the start with the menus did we have something unexpected happen. my only other gripe is the 2 charge per person for the upkeep of the building - i'm rather surprised that is required by the restaurant considering that it could be rolled into the cost of the dishes. or just make the set menu 31 a head instead of 29 and don't tell me i'm paying for it. the building is gorgeous. the location convenient. the food is poor to middling. the service is earnest, but woefully slow and inadequate.this was the worst high-end restaurant experience i have had in contemporary memory.the wait for service prior to ordering and between courses was agonizingly. after cocktails, still with no starters, we sipped our bottle of wine and it did not last even to the centuries later delivery of the starters. the restaurant was not busy, and we had two staff members repeatedly and frequently filling water glasses with the wrong water, but not a soul to take our orders or serve us food.out of three sets of cocktails, starters, mains, and desserts, nothing was good.for example, there are three special gins and tonics in the menu, touting "housemade tonics" that sound tantalizingly delicious - such as lemongrass and passionfruit tonic or elderflower and thyme tonic. however, the joke is on us. the barman simply uses a bog standard tonic and throws a few leaves and stems into the glass. these gins and tonics are not good.one the food front, as a for instance, the skate was not fresh and it was not cooked properly. in order to eat skate on the wing with a fish knife, the fish must be cooked properly so it slides off the bones with even pressure on the fish knife. the skate was completely inedible, and the staff did not know enough about food to understand why and how this was so.our bottle of wine was good, but only because i chose it and made sure it was not corked or off.i can't go on because the experience of this meal drained my vital forces.no - one last thing: when i spend 100 per person in a restaurant in london, i expect a reasonable meal. this was not even unreasonable - it was dire. superb dining experience with friends! all of the food from the sample appetizer of warm soup to the main entres and the finale desserts were delicious. the 4 stars is only because the portion sizes were a bit too small. although my beef dish was more than enough, the seafood options left my family wanting more. i would list thr items we had, but, i imagine everything is fantastic! food was pretty solid, service was woeful. it's like they're trying to be like a fine dining restaurant, but don't quite know how. a rather frustrating experience overall. do you like cocktails and are you in london. that's not a question, that's a statement. don't miss out on the gilbert scott!you will step into the magical world of renaissance meets decadence. this establishment is so ultimately cool, classy, and will serve you fan-fabulous-tastic tasting cocktails. full stop. i've been here now seven times, ever since my colleague first brought me here on my first work-related trip and i always always make sure to go every time i'm in london. let's start with the thing we "can't" do in amsterdam - the service. it's so polite, accurate and reall fast. we order 7 cocktails with our group and bam - they're there in about 15 minutes. mind you, as a former cocktail shaker i can tell you, that's fast. second, the price/quality rate is something that we dutch drool over - yes we're 'cheap' - and what you get for the price: i'm absolutely loving it. you spend 10 - 14 for a cocktail and to be fair: that's a lot of money for a drink. so, in return, you expect (and should!) get a proper drink for that. and you do. you, definitely do. third, the food. the "bar food" are small portions but order two: and you have a meal (talking to the girls here). boys need more food. proper food. order the burger (13) and it's definitely worth your money - a luscious, juicy burger with relish (hello mustard! you're my new best friend) and chips. i had the mackerel pat and falafels - the pat i can't even describe how much of a fan i am. just to be clear: i'm a huge fan. the falafels, not so much. i found them a dry. the cumin sauce is something you need to be able ordering separately - i literally drowned my chips in there. but the falafels... meh. but maybe, i'm not a falafel-girl - in general i tend to find falafels quite dry.can i please say something about the service again? the men dress properly. they speak properly (and taking the 'british' into account here as well: they are more polite than the dutch can ever be, but even for their standards) and they are sophisticatedly hot. just sayin'.overall - go there. go team go! amazing dinner for 1 :). happened to be on business in london and stopped by - st pancras hotel is beautiful and the restaurant, housed within, is very welcoming. food and service were top notch. had their 35 day dry-aged sirloin served with large cut fries and truffle sauce - outstanding. of all the gin joints.....the perfect place to soak up some british class over a fine libation or two..quite small, so not the kind of bar you'd necessarily spend all evening in, but definitely provides an injection of glamour to a nights entertainment. what an amazing experience. the food was incredible. the decor and ambiance remarkable. the only issue i had is that the service was a little lackluster. i'm guessing that the servers here are trying to take the "don't be seen" approach as i have noticed some servers in europe do, but our server never introduced herself, never even said anything along the lines of, "hello, how are you this evening?" she just quietly and sheepishly launched into specials, asked for our order, and those were the only words she spoke the entire night. it also became rather difficult to flag her down when we needed something. this was a tad frustrating considering that other than one party of three, my fiance and i were the only other patrons in the restaurant. other than that, though, our meal was one of the best i've had in a fine dining setting.*do take note that there is a 12.5% gratuity included on your bill. at least there was on ours... aaaaahhhh i love this place. it's just breathtaking, like walking into a vintage movie. set inside the st pancras renaissance hotel, this place conjures up words likeextravagance, luxury and flamboyance. the building itself was built 150 years ago when midland railway held a competition for the design of a 150-bed hotel with the brief that is needed to 'add lustre'. ah the good old days! of course, this lustre don't come cheap. an excellently made and presented cocktail will set you back between 11-15. i managed to find a nice glass of wine for 7 which i was happy enough with to be fair. if you've never been, put it on your "must do" list next time you're in london. when one is visiting london for a fun weekend trip to celebrate the end of summer, as we just did, it is an awful lot of fun to go indulge in a lavish cream tea. the gilbert scott is a great place to go!first, the room is sumptuous. really, really beautiful.second, the tea and the treats that came with the tea were all delicious. a great variety of cakes, delicious scones with jam and clotted cream, and all sorts of yummy sandwiches. the oddest imo, which i found tasty, was cheese and pickles! evidently, a british classic. forgive me for not ever having heard of this combo before.and, the glutton in me was thrilled when they offered us seconds on everything. you can bet that i took them up on it! so although the price is a bit steep, it is, in my opinion, a fine price for an amazing, delicious spread in a gorgeous room with very attentive service. an elegant afternoon indulgence!!before or afterward, please go on a tour of the hotel, which has a fascinating history, and the restoration is beyond beautiful. a really sophisticated place. lovely rooms with double height ceilings that are decorated to make you feel like you are in some grand renaissance church! wide range of cocktails with something for everyone. the service is supreme; even though the bar was packed one of the staff acknowledged that i had arrived almost immediately and i did not have to wait long for for my first drink. dinner was what you would expect from this classy place.  i recommend you try the cheese board (cheese paired with honey comb). mr he price does reflect the high end nature of this place. i'm a little torn about this place...whilst the bar oozes class, and i cannot but help adore the renaissance hotel, i felt that there was something lacking at the bar.my main purpose for visiting was to drink cocktails, of which i am a fiend, however i wasn't very impressed with them.whilst they came in lovely glasses, they were a little lacklustre and i could recommend a number of other places where you could get better ones for a more reasonable price.that said, bar itself was beautiful with stunning architecture, high painted ceilings, and the decor was very extravagant, i felt that what sold the venue was the atmosphere and not the content and i will visit again when i am in the area just for this experience, and next time i may even try the food! the british library is just down the road and if it's atmosphere you're after you'd be better off going there.yes it's a stunning building and the dining room is elegant and airy with it's beautiful ornate ceiling about 40 feet high. but if part of the deal of going to a posh restaurant is being excited, feeling a buzz, this place isn't for you. it's the sort of place that requires you to whisper. the sound of fork clinking on plate echoes around, along with a few murmurs from the diners and the dull hum of the traffic on the a40. cough and heads will turn.our waiter's hovering skills put a humming bird's to shame. the staff are perfectly nice but you just want them to let go a little. crack a smile. i won't tell marcus waering, promise.the food is solid but unspectacular. i ordered quail which hadn't seen much heat. it was carefully done, but would have benefitted from a bit of fierceness and bravery. burnished quail is nice but i don't think it would be allowed here. the chicken kiev came as this neatly rolled uniformly breadcrumbed log. the butter and garlic inside was subdued when it appeared. i like mine to erupt like a volcano. nothing to thrill, although the three snails that came with it were a nice touch. more of that please. braised oxtail was tender and tasty but again all a bit correct in its presentation. sides too. the experience was pleasant but a bit austere. it all felt a bit repressed. vibrant and expressive aren't words that would crop up when talking about the gilbert scott. i left with an overriding feeling of relief that i wasn't payingacross the road is karpo. a place where every dish that comes out delights the eye and the taste buds. it's not a great building but the people there are enjoying their cooking and that makes for a great vibe. it's three times cheaper too. if you're treating your great aunt, the gilbert scott will work well. if you're after a bit more spirit, do a frogger and get yourself across the a40. what a beauty!once through the superman style revolving doors, i was transported into a time where women were ladies and men were gents. shortly after seating us, our coats were taken, given the drinks menu and one of my favourite snacks was placed in front of us - popcorn! however, this was no ordinary treat, it tasted like bacon! i kid you not, it was delectable, and at a guess i reckon that the kernels were popped in bacon fat. that may sound gross but i don't give two hoots, two of my favorite things pig and corn! it was splendid and i'd suggest tasting it at least once, is a must. it's hard to fit the bar into a single time period but something about the geometric iron structure that the bar was housed in, brought to mind the jekyll & hyde thriller, with perhaps also a dash of sherlock too.i went for the 'queen mother' cocktail which included gin, rhubarb and champagne - more of the things i love, in one glass. happy days!to finish i'd like to add this short description from the official website, not only the perfect ending to this review, but gilbert scott would be the perfect ending to any day...'through the revolving door (originally one of the first in the uk) our bar at the gilbert scott occupies the former entrance to the midland grand hotel. with ornately painted ceilings and wondrous bell chandeliers you are instantly swept up in the grandeur of the space. exuding elements of sophistication and wonder, the bar sets the scene for an afternoon of enjoyment or an evening sampling the cocktail or champagne lists.' excellent service. knowledgeable staff. beautiful location. the angus fillet is a sure winner. be sure to take a walk inside the hotel! full of history. on the expensive side, but worth it for the right occation. as a non-newbie visitor to london (okay, okay. i'm a tourist!), my travelling party and i were looking for a fancy treat of a lunch that brought together history, architecture, and of course, fine food.a friend of ours in london suggested the gilbert scott, and are we ever glad we followed his advice. we made reservations online for lunch, and were enamoured the moment we walked into the beautiful dining room. from start (rich and creamy americanos) to finish (delectably light desserts) and everything in between (watercress soups, fish, the list goes on), this was definitely one of our most memorable, and drawn out, meals in london.definitely something to consider if you're looking to reaaallly make an afternoon out of a meal. hats off to you, gilbert! amazing food, service and food!! one of the most opulent restaurants i have ever had the pleasure to have dinner. it was very easy to book a table in this restaurant (which is very rare these days in london restaurants- you have to book weeks in advance to have a burger in the end sometimes) anyway, the service and the bar of this place deserve a five stars - they serve very interesting cocktailsi also like the interiors very much- very grand - so renaisance ;-)but the food was a disappointment - not even the dessert (i eat and enjoy any dessert as long as it is sweet) but this time was a let downi had a steaming artichoke for starter followed by the lake disrtict beef - in which the quality of the meat was below average  don't know what the celebrity chef is doing there but there should be a serious revisiting of the cooking style will go back to the bar but not to the restaurant first of all, the setting is spectacular- high ceilings, gilded columns and marble floors with enough panache to go around. the prix fixe dinner was excellent with an appetizer and main. i love ,y soup and sea bass. no one had room for dessert.lovely elegant evening with world class food and drinks and service had an absolutely lovely mid-week business meal here, overall was well worth the money.to start with, who wouldn't love walking through the entrance at the st. pancras hotel.the interior is gorgeous, which is a fantastic start for the overall experience. you immediately feel fabulous! the dining area features high ceilings, and overall elegant decor & lighting. as for the menu, the fact that they focus on serving british food should be applauded; it's a great portal for tourists to discover that british food isn't just fish & chips or pies. service was excellent but not overly fussy. i had a white asparagus with fried duck egg main which was perfectly done, light and delicious. my companion had the salmon & rocket main which she said was excellent. the wine list seemed varied & plentiful, but as this was a business meal i didn't spend too much time staring at it and i stuck with a modest glass of pinot noir, light & flavourful, and not a bad price (here) at 6.50 for a 175ml glass. if you are looking to choose somewhere nice to go in the station i recommend this restaurant above the nearby st. pancras grand brasserie. the food there is very good but the service doesn't match the gilbert scott. i'm looking forward to returning, perhaps to savour their enticing sunday roast menu. thought this pretty bad. very english( hmm) room fair ( some areas of hotel victorian spectacular). veal roast ok, very greasy fish with big klutzy starchy chips grilled liver appropriately dry good mrs. beeton desserts.odd service.all including wines expensive . the blurb says a nostalgic look at british cusine.? nostalgia for what wasn' t very good in the first place. or ( nod to simone signoret) nostalgia isn't what it used to be. the gilbert scott is possibly the most beautiful establishment i've ever been in, but then sitting inside the saint pancras renaissance hotel you'd expect nothing less. with and immaculately restored interior complete with period architectural elements and high ceilings there is little to complain about in terms of the look and feel of the place, and the long winding corridors made me think of the castles and palaces from children's tv programmes in my more youthful days... in this grand setting it's a real joy to be able to partake in perfectly made cocktails, pink champagne by the bucket load or just an exceedingly well poured pint by staff that know their thing, and who are at the same time both perfectly attentive and also give you enough space to enjoy the conversations you're enjoying with those that you're sharing the grandeur with. the only thing i can think to even mildly grumble about was the addition of an automatic service charge, which i personally abhor - but with service as good as it was, they probably ended up doing themselves out of a couple of quid in adding the tip so matter of factly to the bill. yes, it's a tad pricey, but you get what you pay for and this place is stunning. oh, this is british as it used to be/should be/can be.  a stunning entrance and cocktail bar with attentive, knowledgeable bar staff mixing a killer bloody mary (for a bloody handover) and then into one of the most sedate, classy, "proper" dining rooms i've seen for a while.the menu is modern british and my choice of cod tongues (new for me) to start was a good one, if a little over jammy or sweet on the dressing and the main of lamb was excellent.  with plenty of choices there should be something for most pallettes and although this was an excellent lunch, i'm interested in returning for a longer meal at dinner.good wine list. good service although one of our waitresses accents (non-english) was slightly hard to understand.i will return - for cocktails and more! met up with some colleagues for a business dinner and was impressed by the splendor of the dining room and the speed of the service. i think that the small window of time given diners puts added pressure on the kitchen and wait staff to move things along but this has benefit to the diner as the food and service is very fast. we ordered entrees with a bottle of wine to accompany 2005 rioja allende, which albeit was fresh, complimented the cumbrian rump of lamb quite well. the service staff was engaging and although we exceeded the two hour time limit, we were politely asked to give up our table for the next group. overall, a fine introduction to english fare. the prices were reasonable but most certainly not cheap. i'd return and would recommend. totally amazing setting - a look around the hotel is a must, it is the most wonderful victorian building. gilbert scott serves lovely british food - we went for the 6.00 supper menu and even though we turned up 20 minutes late we were never rushed and unlike other reviewers a two hour time frame was never mentioned so perhaps this is something they have addressed (we took a lot longer and were ordering from the cheap menu!!!!) the food was outstanding and made me proud of our often mocked british food heritage. i would recommend this place to anyone - after pollen street social is by far the best place i have visited in london for a while.	0	1	1	1	0
 yes, i gave it 5 stars.. after walking around all day and seeing all the sights, i was very hungry for a hamburger. well i had the giraffe burger which was the best burger i have ever eaten. yes, i am from california, and this was the best. they also have an extensive menu of many foods and they are reasonably priced. the restaurant has outstanding service and is very clean. i actually came here three times for three different menu items. i would always stop here. my husband and i stopped in here shortly after 12:00 pm yesterday for lunch quite hungry when we arrived in london. we had eaten at their location st heathrow and enjoyed it, and were encouraged by the reviews left fellow yelpers. alas, we received very inconsistent service. it was a bad start when we sat in a nearly empty restaurant and the waitress came up to us and said after 10 minutes, did you order? i told her that we hadn't even seen menus. she gave us only the breakfast menus. i didn't want breakfast and should have asked if they had a larger menu. i noticed other people were eating other food. i don't know why i was so bashful. probably was tired from a very long trip and had been awake due to an early morning flight. we each placed our order. when placing mine, we informed our server of my allergies. she said no problem - that the entree didn't have that but she would inform the kitchen. our plates were our places in front of us and i began eating. suddenly, one of the waitresses (there was a steady rotation of people at our table rather than someone who was assigned) pulled my plate away saying "wait! hold on. i have to check something with the kitchen". my plate was removed and returned to the kitchen. i was told that the corn cakes had potatoes, something to which i am allergic. i had eaten half of one. they said they would make me ones without (they didn't) five minutes later my plate was returned without the corn cakes and by then the eggs were cold. had i known that, i would have ordered something else. again, i wish i was given the full menu. one of the waitresses apologized and comped the dish. overall, it was a bad experience. i did experience some physical discomfort from having eaten the offending corn cake. for one, i think the staff needs to have better knowledge of the menu. secondly, i think that they need to have people assigned to tables. it was way to chaotic. there also seems to be an absence of training overall. good food, reasonably priced. portions are variable. we ordered from the tapas menu; the tacos were large and delicious. you get two tacos for each order. the chorizo sausage was equally tasty, but small, which is fine but the variation makes it difficult to know how much to order. the happy hour is quite good: cocktails are $5. went for a business breakfast. the food was good, portion sizes good, and the wait staff was really friendly. only downside was that the place was almost completely empty but the food took quite long to turn up. seriously so amazing! such a variety of things to choose from! i had the lamb tangine (i think that's how u spell it) and my bf had the chicken malay curry. both of them were delicious! and the drinks are fantastic! i was back today for breakfast with my family. the food was really good but the most important they were so so so nice with my son. if you are looking for a kid friendly place, this is your place! pleasant place with good food and conveniently located near victoria station. their lemonade was particularly good. excellent place, delicious food and good price. good for families, couple or to go alone. perfect service and nice musics. giraffe is a chain throughout london. this location is nice with a small seating area in front. for families: it has a good children's menu with healthy choices (fresh juices/fruit cups), and not so healthy (items smothered in chocolate chips). we tried a variety of items from the menu including the huevos rancheros, and pancakes. first, the pancakes: the stack is huge (3 large pancakes), and if you opt for a filling (bananas, blueberries or the like), you get smothered cakes! second: huevos rancheros, we didn't have high standards since we are quite far from the originating culture, but the whole dish was cold (including the eggs). we didn't wait long for food, so we can only assume they were only heated slightly per normal serving. had the eggs been hot, plus the great sides within the burrito, and copious hot salsa = it would still be far from true mexican authentic, yet it was fine given the cost. we went to giraffe on 4/22/17 after a day of sightseeing around london. we shared a 5 tapias appetizer of hummus, goya, flatbread, chicken and short rib tacos. every item that we had was delicious and enough for 2. the server suggested a dandelion and burdock (british) drink that was a great choice! dessert was a waffle topped with a cinnamon banana, vanilla ice cream with chocolate and caramel drizzle-outstanding! our server anita was wonderful and we mentioned that to the manager when we left. yes it was noisy, tables a bit close but nothing to take away from the experience! giraffe is a fun place to try. it can be loud, the tables are very close together, and it can take a bit of time to get your food. but, it is a lovely menu, lots of options, and the servers are fantastic.we hit up giraffe three times on our week long time just for the nachos and sandwhiches. i absolutely felt in love with this place. not only the food is great but the customer service is wonderful. my friend and i are originally from los angeles, and we are loud so we sat in the corner near the bar. although, we spent a long time talking and eating we did not feel out of place like other places usually try kicking you out. this place is great to eat and spend some quality time with friends. appetizers and drinks after the show...nachos, not bad (and we're from california, so we know!)  :)- crunchy shrimp, spicy chicken strips all devoured. no draught beers, though listed on menu. service was very friendly, even though we arrived about s half hour before closing on a wednesday night. overall, a solid experience. i know the food choices around victoria are limited, but i thought giraffe was a pretty good find -- especially if you're hunting for food a little later on in the evening! it's a chain, but still has a lot of character all on its own. we were eating pretty late, and this was one of the few decent-looking places still open for dinner. they have a pretty good deal where you can get a starter and a main for under i0, though the choices are limited. i wasn't feeling any of those and had the rump steak sandwich with chips instead. the steak sandwich was huge! even though i was starving, i only managed to finish a tasty half. our waitress was really friendly and our food arrived promptly, so even though they automatically put a service charge on the bill, i didn't mind so much (i guesssss). first impression... my fiance and i walked into this place 2 minutes before opening. the waitress stated that they aren't open until 11 am (remember we were there 2 minutes before 11). we told her fine, but she seated us anyways. once seated we looked to our left and there were customers already seated...eating. whatever the fuck that means. we ordered the full brunch which was ok. nothing fancy, just good enough for us hungry folks. other than the odd/somewhat crappy service, everything else was ok. i went here with my boyfriend at about 3 pm on a friday. it wasn't busy, the food came out quickly, and they had a decent amount of vegetarian options. we chose the bruschetta bites, delux falafel burger, and phod malay noodles. for a 10 burger, i'm glad it was as good as it was. not dry, plenty of toppings, and the choice of sweet potato fries, rather than the regular. my boyfriend ordered the malay noodles, which were too spicy for me.. but he seemed to enjoy them and said the flavor reminded him of samosas. the bruschetta was yummy, although a little wet and cold by the time we returned to our hotel (as expected). lots of toppings though, which was great.i noticed another review saying they were upset that it wasn't a specific type of cuisine served, but that was honestly my favorite part. we were able to get asian noodles, italian bruschetta, and a burger in one location.. it's like a delicious, vegetarian sampler!overall, there were great vegetarian choices, and we would be happy to return! i came here on friday at 22:00. i was told they were closing early, even though they aren't supposed to close until 23:00. strangely the server kept saying "guys" even though i was alone and am female. very confusing experience all around. absolutely splendid. would go back for their toastie deluxe alongside a hippy hippy smoothie. so delicious!!! this was a 4 1/2 star experience rounded up.this casual and funky little restaurant was located right near the theater we were waiting to see wicked at and we decided to get a quick bite before the show. the menu was very reasonably priced and the staff was very friendly and attentive. i ordered the duck stir fry and a strawberry lime cider, which i'm officially in love with. my fella ordered the chicken kiev and an apple cider. all the food was fantastic and filling, the drinks were sublime. first time trying rekorderlig cider, but it's addictive! my noodles were very light and flavorful. a great summer dish. my fella's chicken kiev was lightly battered and had just the right seasoning and sauce. definitely a thumbs up for the food!i definitely recommend this place for a light dinner or drinks before a show or after work. yum. eh. this is a tourist trap. london is full of amazing restaurants. this is overpriced for mediocre food. i had a meeting at giraffe and i asked one of my coworkers what they thought about it."oh god, i'm never going there again," he said."why?" i asked, suddenly terrified."too many kids."too many kids? at a lunch spot that serves alcohol? really?yes. oh god yes.i walked into this quaint little cafe and was thrown backwards by a wall of noise. woah! this place is bustling with energy and sound, and not in that great lively kind of way but in that, "i can't hear myself think," kind of way. ouch. they do, however, have a very nice patio and the sounds of the city drowns out any sounds of children. i sat out there and had a very nice lunch.besides the noise, everything else was decent. i got a falafel burger which is just what it sounds like - a kebab but on a bun and it was really tasty but messy and fell apart easily in my hands. it normally came with regular fries but sweet potato fries were 1 extra and they were crispy and a great side.our waitress was cool and distant the entire time and it was kind of a pain to flag her down for anything. i can't blame her though, it was insanity inside. i'm sure outside was her only chance for a moment of peace.i was warned, now you have been too. we went for desert only. great service, location & setting, the food was ok too but nothing overly special. giraffe can nowadays be found in many locations and i just tried the one close to victoria station. the food was very good, tasty burger, great salad and also a pretty good selection of both food and drinks. the food is not innovative or gourmet style but they deliver good quality dishes. the variety is also good so most people will be ale to find something they like.service was friendly and attentive. food and drinks were also quickly brought to the table so all in all a good experience. we arrived at giraffe around 7pm on a wednesday. i was surprised to see how busy it was. luckily, our party of 3 was seated right away.i chose the steak sandwich that came with fries, and my sandwich was delicious. the bread was nice and toasty, the steak was a nice medium well, and the blend of arugula and mayo was perfect. the sandwich also came with caramelized onions, but my dislike for any type of onion had me scraping it off right away.my companions both ordered the chicken schnitzel that came with an arugula salad and either mashed potatoes or fries. the chicken was breaded and flavored with garlic butter. it was good, but a little too buttery for my liking. we ordered 2 different desserts: the chocolate mousse crunch and the apple and cherry crumble. i loved the chocolate mouse crunch! it was rich while still being light and airy. the crumble was also good, but the apple and cherry portions weren't as flavorful as i expected. the crumble on top was delicious. it wasn't your run of the mill crumble made of flour, butter, and sugar. this had oats, raisins, slivered almonds, and hazelnuts. i would give this place a 5 star for food, but since the service was so slow, i'm giving them a 4 overall. where to begin...our experience started off well when we walked in the door. we were immediately greeted from across the restaurant by the bartender, and a server (chris, i believe) sat us and cheerfully took our drink orders. we spent a few minutes looking over the menu, at which point an eastern european woman marched over and asked us what we wanted to drink. we let her know someone had already taken our order, at which point she left without a word. after our drinks came, she returned to take our food order (clearly chris has been covering her section of tables, as she had been nowhere to be seen until asking about drinks). our food arrived in a reasonable time, and our waitress once again disappeared completely. she did not return to check on us or get us more drinks, except to offer dessert and clear our plates about 10 minutes after we had finished. once we declined dessert, we were completely ignored, and had to flag down the bartender for the check. a word of warning, there was an included "optional" gratuity of 12.5%. food was okay at best, service was awful. giraffe is a chain restaurant that can't seem to really decide what type of cuisine it would like to offer. to start with, the name suggests absolutely nothing about the cuisine. an english word, a long necked animal. your guess is as good as mine.i've only ever eaten at a giraffe twice; once in heathrow airport with my parents and the other time at this one here. neither have been particularly pleasant experiences. the menu offers things from fish and chips, to bbq ribs, to an asian inspired duck salad. again, what cuisine is this? i ordered the bbq ribs, as did my friend maria and my friend oscar had the haddock and chips. it was meh. i didn't finish my ribs as they were incredibly sweet, the sauce was verging on caramel-y, and it was so filling. my main qualm about this branch is the staff. they were rude, dismissive, quite clearly not interested in serving you, and had to ask multiple questions about things we ordered after we'd ordered them. they also, in a chain restaurant selling painfully mediocre quality food, added the 12.5% service charge to the bill. i won't even begin to describe the look of anger and disgust on our waitress's face when we asked if she could take the service charge off. i'd advise you head elsewhere. needed to find a quick place for lunch before the matinee of wicked (which is just up the street at the apollo victoria theatre). initially i suggested we go to the tried and true le pain quotidien, but as i was waiting for my mom and dad to arrive i peeked at the menu next door. i saw that giraffe had a number of vegetarian options, decent drink list, and looked empty enough where we wouldn't have to wait. while i do love le pain quotidien, i figured why not try a new chain?i got the mezze with warm naan (hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, brown rice salad, tabbouleh salad, vine tomato & preserved lemon tapenade, falafel & oregano halloumi skewer). a delicious assortment of my favorite mediterranean things, all on one plate. awesome. my sister got the mozzarella, pesto & grilled veggie focaccia, my mom got the butternut squash, bean chilli & melted cheese quesadilla, and my dad got the farmers market vegetable burrito. i didn't try any of theirs, but they all loved what they ordered, my mom especially. the burrito is quite large, so if you're really hungry i would suggest ordering that.i'm giving giraffe 4 stars instead of 3 because not only is the food great and there are plenty of options, but it is consistent. we had a bit of time to kill before our flight home, so we tried their location at heathrow, and everything was just as good as the first time. knowing what you can expect makes a chain worthy of my time- i wish giraffe had locations in the us! we ate here on a sunday night, and we were seated right away at a high row of tables (not my favorite, but my children enjoy them). they had good drink specials for kids and adults, and the food was fine but not thrilling. it was family friendly and reasonably priced, but i wouldn't call the food memorable. i'm a regular visitor to giraffe, and especially to this branch as it's really handy for work. especially like going during bar buddies, as you can get some great half price wines and cocktails. had the herby chicken bun less burger today, which is essentially a grilled herby chicken breast, but was really tasty. came with a lovely fresh salad with included one of my faves, edamame beans. i added a side of sweet potatoes fries, simply because giraffe do them so well, making them an unresistable addition. this is my 2nd favorite giraffe location (battersea rise being fave). always nice service and typical yummy giraffe fare. a great location if you're going out in belgravia or meeting up with friends at victoria station.	1	1	1	0	1
 this is one of my favourite restaurants.i'm not big on chinese food and i like the food here. i don't have a bad word to say about a single dish and i've been here a couple of times.the drinks are great.the service is great.highly recommend it! one of the best pork belly preparations i have ever had! it was fantastic with the citrus from the cumquats. the wagyu rib-eye was the worst preparation i have had. i love the dish when it is done right but this one was like gnawing on a piece of old rubber boot that had been out in the sun too long and then dipped in soy sauce. best to avoid it. the design of the restaurant was very nice. all of the staff were fantastic except for our server. his dower personality made us feel very unwelcome and like we were a burden on him. he was abrupt in his responses and overall unhelpful. like he was just going through the motions to get a paycheck. he turned what would have been an otherwise enjoyable meal into an experience i would have rather avoided. as i said above, all of his colleagues were wonderful and attentive however i will not be returning and would not recommend the restaurant due to the server's treatment of our group. 3 stars not 2 only because of the awesome pork belly! a good restaurant but don't go on a sunday!half the dishes have run out.if you call ahead to find out if they have it or not cornelia and co. (the front desk tam) are simply not interested to answer. probably because they don't serve half the menu on a sunday. i explained to cornelia that every time i go on a sunday this happens and she had plenty of opportunity to correct me but she didn't. she kept repeating disinterestedly "food is subject to availability" !!!!never experienced that before at any , let alone, michelin restaurant .one stand out dish which is also one of the signatures at mayfair that they always run out of on sundays is the dim sum supreme...but they should make this information available on the phone at least if you take the time to call and enquire about it . this is one of those times where i wish yelp offered half stars in their rating system. my experience at hakkasan mayfair was 3 1/2 stars. hakkasan is a michelin rated chinese restaurant with a dark, intimate vibe. definitely a dress up and show off your stuff type of place. upon entering my co-worker and i were immediately greeted and escorted to our table. even on a tuesday night the place was packed. our server came over and took our drink order first. i ordered one of their signature drinks, the hakka, which had belvedere vodka, akashi-tai sake, lychee, lime, coconut and passion fruit. it was excellent and flavorful but was disappointed to see my glass was only 2/3 full. that has always been a pet peeve of mine. either use a smaller martini glass or fill it up. as for our dinner, most things are appetizer or small plate sized and meant to be shared. we asked for suggestions from our server but he didn't seem to interested and gave us a few quick suggestions. luckily my co-worker has spent time in the orient and is more familiar with asian cuisine. she asked me to trust her judgement in ordering (she did great!). we shared:*dim sum platter - 6 pieces of dim sum. scallop shumai, har gau, chinese chive dumpling, duck and yam bean dumpling. each type featured 2 pieces each so my co-worker and i were able to try one of each. very tasty and each one had a unique but equally good flavor and texture.*xo scallops stuffed in zucchini with royal pumpkin sauce. scallops were fresh but sauce was pretty bland. not overly impressed.*stir-fry peking style duck with dried chilli, szechuan pepper, baby leek and onion. flavors were excellent. not overly spicy but the right amount of kick to it. *hakka noodles with shimeji mushroom, baby leek and salted turnip. absolutely delicious! flavors were perfect and amazing.during dinner i ordered a second cocktail and was again disappointed with a 2/3 full martini. i'm a drinker and have no problem spending good money on alcohol but don't skimp your customers. our server came back and offered a dessert menu but we both declined. we weren't stuffed but satisfied. i'm still not sure what to think about the experience. the food was great even excellent but the wait staff seemed uninterested. the atmosphere at hakkasan was hip, trendy and beautifully decorated. seemed a little show offish and snobby though. not exactly a welcoming atmosphere. outstanding, one of the best dim sum experiences i've had in london. they do the classics well and there are also interesting experiments, like the duck dumpling with truffle oil. service is a little slow and it's pretty expensive for what you get, but overall, worth going for when you're looking for a luxury dim sum place. a nice luxury chinese restaurant in london. immersion in a different world with loud electronic music, dark light and a lot of waiters in black and waitresses in blue.the food was very tasty - not necessary to take more than a small eat and main dish. only bad point: the desert, a bit boring. love the vibe of the place! definitely a dress to impress type of crowd. some friends and i went for dinner before going out. we ordered a variety of plates (portions are small). the service was good. the only thing was they bought out the plates one by one instead of all together.will be back on my next trip! best overall dining experience we had in london. we did a shared plate dinner, which seems to be the thing there. the dim sum platter was tasty and varied, and it was easy for 4 to share (two pieces each of 4 items). if you like somewhat spicy dishes the spicy venison stir fry added an interesting flavor the otherwise standard asian fare. the black truffle roast duck was simply incredible, and the stir fry lobster in white peppercorn sauce rounded out the meal. the lobster dish was very tasty, but it didn't have enough of a lobster flavor to really mandate a lobster price. you could have told me it was chicken in white peppercorn sauce and i would have believed it. but good. highly recommend. solid service, great atmosphere, excellent food. good high end chinese cuisine. if you like tao, you should like the modern and hip decor here. through the food is delicious, it's also pretty expensive too. i have a very good friend who, when he comes to visit, we choose a special bookmarked place to dine at. this time it was hakkasan mayfair. and, as always with my mega-bookmarks, i had high hopes.first things first, this place is not cheap. it is affordable, but you could literally spend as much as you like (i'm looking at you 'peking duck with royal beluga caviar'...) we ordered the lowest price set/tasting menu which was around 38 a person for 4 small dim sum, a small main/rice portion and a little dessert each. after adding in an extra couple of starters at 17 a pop, and some plain noodles at 10, it's starting to look pretty pricey. the food was delicious, it must be said. every bite was great and full of flavour; well seasoned and not at all greasy. none of it blew my mind though. it was 'good' chinese, probably one of the best, but i'm not sure how they can charge 5x the price of anywhere else for most of the dishes.the atmosphere was a little stifling. the (many many) staff were rather offish and frowny. we walked in all smiles and immediately felt like we were going to be put on the naughty step for being too cheerful. also, thanks, but i don't need to be followed into the loo, i promise not to steal your aesop soap.it's obviously a very classy restaurant, with embroidered leather seating, dimmed lighting and black gloss counters. it felt very dark though, more like a cocktail bar than a restaurant. which is where i leave my final thought (jerry springer style). hakkasan does incredible incredible cocktails. amazing. we had three each (at 12.50 a pop), and they were all flawless. i would happily go here just for the drinks. if you're not paying, go here for the food, if you are, just go for the drinks. i had high expectations for this restaurant due to the price range and how exclusive they were when i made the reservation. we came here for a corporate dinner. i made reservations ahead of time and i was told that we would need to pre-select a fixed menu for 68 pounds per person for private dining. i agreed and signed an agreement that we will show up or we would be subject to a 20% charge. we get to the restaurant and it is noisy and very crowded. we did not get a private dining space, rather we were seated in the basement with the louder crowd. it took them 20 minutes to greet us with water and waited another 20 to get our cocktails. i spoke to the waiter in charge and asked her if we could order things a la carte besides the fixed menu that was given to us, she answered with such a rude tone and told me repeatedly that we had chosen the pre fixed menu and we needed to spend at the minimum of 68 pounds per person. i assured her that we will go well over the minimum and to just take whatever my colleagues ordered. i get back to the table and they start bringing out appetizers (dim sum platters). the dumplings were good and they gave out generous portions for everyone to have enough. however, we were still sitting there waiting for our alcoholic beverages to be served. my colleague finally asked for the manager, and until then did they expedite their service. the pre fixed menu came with a ton of food. i thought we each get to choose from the selection, but they brought out everything from the list and served it family style. it was very filling, some dishes were very oily but for the most part it was good. i would rate this place 3 stars partially because of the food quality but mostly due to their service. it is a very upscale and expensive venue and the experience and service should parallel the profile they ought to maintain. the location is great and is in central london but the staff could be a bit more friendlier and accommodating especially for out of country individuals who look for a great dining experience. i visited for a work lunch and was suitably impressed.the prices can be eye-watering. this being a work/client lunch, we'd pre-arranged to have the 118 set lunch menu. this consisted of lots of delicacy meats including lobster, sea bass and wagyu beef. suffice to say this was cooked and presented in a sharing manner. being the most expensive meal i've ever eaten did it deliver? yes on all counts.the food itself was stunning. it was tasty, well portioned considering the sharing but i could have done with an extra piece of some of the dim sum they served early in the meal. the sea bass was the best dish by group consensus, it was lovely and flaky. each pieces just melting in your mouth. the duck was a very close second, but didn't surprise like the seabags.decor just amazing. the place looked the part and service was impeccable too as you'd expect at this high end restaurant. i normally don't like stuffy places but this was anything but. nice friendly professional staff were attentive and on hand.in all, would i spend this much on my own dime? most likely not, but about half that is certainly possible given how the set menus scale. the only reason our menu was so expensive were the meats which were all some of the most expensive premium meats in non-typical dishes. e.g. prawns replaced with scollop. dishes were finished in expensive truffle etc...it's not a place to visit often, but if you're looking to impress then this place is certainly one to have in the address book. great, speedy service. excellent food all round. decent price given the quality and location. the infamous hakassan lives up to its expectation!!!as a "foodian" and restaurant lover, i've been itching to go to hakassan for ages. truthfully, my desire to go was more based on my restaurant checklist combined with my inquisition with the whole hype with hakassan so i was so excited when my husband told me he had booked a table for my birthday. i am happy to report it definitely lives up to expectations. although the portions are tiny, it is definitely quality over quantity with excellent service and amazing buzzing atmosphere, especially as it was a tuesday night. for a special occasion or night out i highly recommend it and the location is added bonus. had drinks and dinner here. awesome!! bar is well stocked and the bartenders are super. they are really into their craft and even know their japanese single malts. had nice dinner too. good,service and atmosphere are all top notch. it's surprisingly not super expensive for what we got. it may be the dollar to pound conversion but all in all a really great dinner been to this branch a few times for dinner, but never for lunch!!yesterday was my first lunch sitting, booked it last minute in the morning and they were so helpful with the times we could come in for. booked the table for 1pm, we arrived early, so we sat and ordered drinks. opted for taste of hakkasan menu 38 plus 1 cocktail and what a bargain, as the a la carte menu prices will knock you off for 6!!! (leave the a la carte for date night ;))i opted for the lychee martini as i have had the hakka a few times (my ultimate fave) but was time for a change, i loved the lychee martini with addition of rose and orange bitter - not too strong and not too sweet! perfect combination (must try!)they give you 1 option to pick from the vast selection on offer, i opted for the dim sum selection which consisted of a scallop, white crab and prawn, and crunchy prawn. because i do not eat venison, they substituted it for a prawn toast. i loved the scallop dumpling, it was my first time trying the shellfish, it was cooked to perfection!!!! soft and juicy, the crunchy prawn is good too, and the accompanying chilli sauce is fabb!!!! a little kick is needed, the salad on the side is yum too, its slightly bitter and tangy, but goes really well with the dumplings.for mains i went for spicy prawn with lily bulb and almonds, mains come with rice and a side dish of asparagus! before i tucked in, i just looked at how well it was presented, definitely instagram worthy, drooling. looked amazing, and it certainly did not disappoint!! the flavours of the sauce was ahmayzing, that tang and zing from the limes and lemongrass, the texture of the lily bulb worked well, although i couldn't really see any almonds, but nonetheless the prawns were spicy - but not too much that it would leave you gulping gallons of water. just the right amount of spice in it, the rice was nice and sticky and the asparagus cooked to perfection, cause you know sometimes it can be overcooked! i loved it all and i cleaned every last bit of sauce and prawns! it is a lot of food for 1, but if you are hungry like me, you will definitely finish it off!! my friends as they are veggies opted for the veggie chicken, which tasted a tad weird, was so rubbery and chewy, like you know when chicken is undercooked. weird texture too, so all you veggies, i do not recommend this one for you, my friends liked it, but wouldn't order it again and they didn't finish it either!now the best part of this meal was dessert, as i have had the classic apple tatin there, i went for the jivara bomb - milk chocolate, hazelnut praline and rice krispies. i know i was a bit shocked to see it covered in rice krispies but it actually works. when the waitress poured the chocolate sauce, it just oozed, there was no breaking it though, i think its one of those "show desserts" where nothing happens (boooohoooo hakkasan) there was no theatre!!!! but nonetheless once you manage to break it in half, you have the hazelnut praline parfait inside, hints of popping candy fizzing on your tongue and the tartness of raspberries on your tongue. a very innovative, playful dessert, simple, even though there was no drama, it was definitely tasty and something i'd order again. i love hakkasan, the service is always on point, they do accept last minute reservations for lunch. i love how big the restaurant is, one part is only open for lunch though, the long bar is so beautiful, adorned in red with the entwined hk sign!! love love love.i highly recommend the lunch set menu, you won't be left disappointed, and definitely filling too!! have been to here twicefor dinnerwent for lunch today. i had quite good experience last two times so i decided to give it a third visit.when i felt that i can't finish all the food they came quite largethe waitress told me they didn't do takeaway. i was very surprised and realised i spent 74 pounds for wasting these foodif you don't do takeawaythen remind me the amount of food at firstthe waitress didn't say anything about the food amount when taking the orderalthough she knew there was only one person. by the waydim sum shouldn't come that bigthe service was poor as well. the lady downstairs who served me made me feel not welcomed.overall not good experience and kind of ruined my good mood for christmas. due to the poor experience todayi wouldn't go hakassan anymore. this is a very cool, trendy restaurant. when i visited for the first time, i was a little intimidated by the entrance and the dark, noisy atmosphere. however, the food was excellent and worth every penny just for the experience. undoubtedly one of my favourite restaurants. first came here for a work dinner and we all ordered one of their signature menu - starter, main, dessert.. amazing. since then, i've been recommending this place to anyone who's looking for something a little more special. oh! their cocktails - i'd recommend 'the hakka';) everytime this is a chain restaurant and each one, to their credit, is actually different. the one in istanbul is the bomb! one in san francisco makes killer drinks and serves to the fido crowd given its location.mayfair hakkasan: you go for the atmosphere.the dim lighting, the small seemingly irregular spaces, all add to one's happy enjoyment.i have never left hakkasan mayfair sober.why only 3 stars? food is over priced for what it is and service is glacial. great food and great service. we had the taste of hakassan menu - dim sum platter, beef, sea bass and selection of desert. i would definitely recommend this restaurant! when u first entered hakkasan, u might think it's a nightclub, but in fact is a chinese restaurant. there are two guys standing at the front door, for a second i thought they were bouncers. there are like 8-10 staffs standing at the reception with nothing to do, my first impression is that this place is overstaffed. although this place is chic and trendy, but fortunately they cook chinese food the traditional way, just adding a little twist. food in general tastes pretty good.recommend dish: dim sum platter, mapo tofu, beef with black pepper sauce, roasted duck, and the morning glory with chilli sauce. their cocktails were great as well, we had the kowloon cooler, which was wonderful.the server was not the welcoming kind and warned us saying we can only take pictures of ourselves and on food we've ordered. she told me that there were restaurant police around to check on people taking unauthorised picture of the restaurant. i found it hilarious and stupid. a very average experience. in spite of all the fuss, i find the food to be very average, great service but sitting in a basement for this average quality food is not my idea of a great meal. just because the prices are high, staff is nicely dressed and they make all the fuss, it just does not meet the standards that you achieve by providing good quality food above ground.we tried the dims platter - non-veg option is marginally better than the veg option (avoid it)... chicken in the claypot is full of fat and not well cooked, other main veg and non veg dishes are similar, baby broccoli, lamb... soup is good but again avoid the vegetarian option... the only thing i really liked on the menu was their hakka noodles. the greeting on arrival, friendly and polite. the the decor and atmosphere was spot on. it was not over the top. drinks and cocktails had added quality and the food was amazing, i would recommend it. as arnold schwarzenegger said "i'll be back" absolutely amazing food, attentive and nice service (so unusual for england) and an ambiance matching the nicest places i've been to in miami or nyc.a decent dinner for 2 with some drinks will run about 110 or so but i found it to be well worth it. dim sum and dumplings were great, as well as the sea bass.will definitely return! what a surprise!  our cabby recommended this spot after the theater and it was fantastic. this place serves what is undoubtedly the worst and most tasteless "cantonese" food we have ever eaten. forget even complaining about the prices, the food was just abominably and completely bland and tasteless.the spareribs we were served had been steamed to the texture of over cooked rice before being tossed on the grill for possibly a few moments, and then being drenched in the world's most bland and tasteless sauce.the duck stuffed egg rolls contained some bland and tasteless pulverized mixture that had clearly just come out of a blender. there truly was no hint of duck whatsoever, by sight or taste.this mixture of "duck" guck was then wrapped in a very thick pastry, and deep fried long enough to add a quarter pound of grease to the weight of the roll. what's worse than a bland and tasteless duck guck egg roll? try a bland and tasteless duck guck egg roll slogged down with a quarter pound of grease!the jasmine rice was unimaginably bland and tasteless and overcooked with not a hint of jasmine flavor. it's a pure commodity rice from the bottom of the barrel that you would never buy for your home, and you would be better off bringing a container of cooked rice from a tesco than eating this muck.there was no salt, pepper, soy sauce, hot mustard, chili sauce, duck sauce or any condiment whatsoever on the table (please anything to relieve the bland and tasteless!) and the wait staff seemed too hassled to bring any, not that it would have done any good anyway. maybe why they don't bother bringing. absolutely fantastic upscale chinese cuisine - of course, as you'd expect from a michelin-starred restaurant. many traditional authentic dishes are present, along with some more innovative offerings that really show the creativity and care that went into the menu. execution and presentation were both flawless - every dish we tried was delicious. service is attentive and professional, yet not intrusive at all. truly a top-notch dining experience; it managed to outshine both the new york and sf locations that i've also tried. hakkasan also blows competitor hutong out of the water, both in terms of food quality and service. was here during the chinese new year, gotta say i loved it!! ordered the dim sum dishes and a crab, particularly loved the dim sum. very delicately made. the desserts were also lovely! we went there for lunch. firstly let me start with the interior & the size of the place, being a fine dinning restaurant in mayfair with such a good reputation a lot was expected. the place was a bit depressing with its gloomy interior & its small space but other than that as in -food wise- it was perfect.we had the very well-known duck salad & it was amaazing with a very unique sour-sweet taste along with the duck i would give it 10/10.then we had sesame prawn toast , it was good & the taste was very new & interesting , i would give it 7/10.then we had also the very recommended-ribeyes beef -medium cooked- was amaazing & just perfect , i would give it 10/10 if you had it with their house noodle.for the drinks we had some non-alcoholic cocktails which were great, in particular the one that has berries & strawberriesfor the dessert we had the so-called famous chocolate bomb, which looked so unbelievably yummy & irresistible from the outside but flavour wise it wasn't much , as the rice crisps had overwhelmed the flavour along with the very dark sweetless chocolate sauce. it was too much for us. i would give it 5/10 -flavour wise- . the waiters were very helpful with very good recommendations, we just hoped we chose what they recommended for dessert. other than that i would give the whole experience 9/10.cheers!	0	1	1	0	0
 another great meal at tamarind, super service and amazing indian in the heart of mayfair near berkeley square.enjoyed the murgh chicken tikka masala, so delicious and creamy. the best dal makhni ever and some really well done malabar praun. something so good about a well cooked praun in a delicious spicy sauce. had both date and cheese naan - so good. finally had a succulent golub jamun and a really great pistachio kulfi. super attentive, great service and a great environment. will be back. i enjoyed tamarind very much. it was my first time dining at an indian restaurant so i didn't know what to expect. my co-worker loves indian food and was given tamarind as a recommendation. it is a michelin starred restaurant and is worthy of the rating.to get started i ordered the passion fruit martini and my co-worker ordered the rose petal martini. omg delicious drinks! after taking a sip of the rose petal martini i knew that had to be my second drink. both were expertly crafted. as for our meal we enjoyed: *pudhina chops which featured lamb cutlets with dried mint, tomato & coriander chutney. absolutely delicious with no one flavor too overpowering.*tandoori grilled jumbo prawn with a mint sauce. another excellent choice.*chicken tikka masala. a staple dish in indian cuisine featuring perfectly flavored chicken cooked with tomato, onion, and ginger with dried fenugreek leaves. my co-worker said this was the best chicken tikka she ever had. i didn't have anything to compare it to but i couldn't imagine it tasting any better.we also enjoyed a side of roasted eggplant and seasoned rice. the rice was light and delicious. not sure what flavors were in it but it complimented everything we ate. the roasted eggplant was not too soggy which can often times happen. as for dessert we shared the gulab jamun which was cardamom flavored milk dumplings and hazelnut chantillie. it almost tasted like a warm doughnut. really hard to pinpoint the flavor or texture but it was excellent.service was fast and efficient. our server wasn't overly attentive or friendly but was in no way rude. we enjoyed a pleasant conversation with the sommelier who was quick to bring us our cocktails and make sure we were happy with our drink choices. tamarind was a wonderful experience and i would enthusiastically recommend dining here. summary: deserves the michelin star for food and service, but the atmosphere feels dated and somewhat stale. we had the lunch prix fixe, which was a great deal. the game tikka and prawns were both tender and the sauces extremely well balanced. great service. just noticed little things like the stoneware being chipped/stained or lots of marks on the stairs/walls. we went at lunch on a friday and it was pretty dead. all in all a fine experience but i wouldn't make a return visit. i've been to tamarind a couple times, and without a doubt it's one of my favorite place to eat in london. while the set lunch with 3 courses and sides for 32 is an absolute steal, it's worth every penny to veer into the pricier a la carte menu. the tandoori grilled jumbo prawns are heavenly and perhaps one of the best things i've ever eaten. even if you think you know indian food, a visit to tamarind will show you how indian flavors can be elevated to a level you've never tasted before. while i was skeptical at first, tamarind is very deserving of its michelin star.service is excellent, being both attentive and approachable. the dining room is very bright and airy despite being in a basement location. wine service is excellent. the chicken tikka masala was cooked very carefully and expertly. a well-balanced and tasty dish overall.what i enjoyed was the diversity of authentic indian dishes prepared so well. bravo! we went to tamarind while visiting london by a recommendation of a friend. my husband and i were celebrating our anniversary and so we wanted somewhere special. tamarind was a great choice. we both love indian food so an indian food restaurant was a must while in london!. the fact that is michelin stared place was a big draw as well.the restaurant is located in the posh mayfair district, and the restaurant itself is very elegant. the crowd is very elegant as well. the service was a little overwhelming as you have about 5 people waiting on you at all times, but it was a very nice dinner and the staff even remembered it was our anniversary. very nice touch!.the food, omg, the food is amazing!. a medley of flavors, sauces and spices. not for the faint of heart as indian food is. very authentic plates as well as some fusion ones.however all of it was delicious.the maitre d suggested a very nice wine, we also tried some excellent cocktails suggested by out server and went with the chef's menu. now in hindsight, this was way too much food, about 7 courses or so, but so delicious!. we tried a bit of everything: from lamb to masala to tandori oven dishes. 5 star all the way! was recommended as one of the best indian in town. it wasn't. don't get me wrong, food was ok/good but i don't think it deserves best of...chicken tikka masala: we ordered extra spicy. that particular request costed us an extra half an hour - or at least that's what we were told when we inquired whereabouts of our much delayed food. and it wasn't extra spicy.don't think i'll go again. worth the michelin star! i have been coming here every trip to london since 1995 never falls to disappoint! i have referred countless people here and all loved it. menu changes with season but is always rich and delicious the saag paneer is the best ive ever had. whats nice is jeans are ok although the setting is very chic. while it is pricey it's well worth. they now have several locations but i prefer the mayfair location. we had a wonderful dinner here with the kids. the lassi is some the best i have had. good service and choices. the hostess was helpful. i was very impressed with the food and service at tamarind. probably the best lamb i have ever had anywhere. the monkfish appetizer was equally sublime. our waiter hasan was helpful in offering selections of food and very well paced in his service, allowing us time to enjoy our courses. without a doubt the best, fanciest indian i have ever had. a great wine list, a helpful and attentive staff and gorgeous food. i don't think i could have asked for more. awesome! awesome service and a great flavor for everything. the chaat was presented so nicely and it tasted perfect. the prawn curry was cooked just right and the lamb was so render. and we had the raita and bread basket which were super also. loved it. i always get worried when i have to go to an indian restaurant. i think will this live up to my mother's cooking? the answer is usually no and tamarind was a no.four of us went for a friend's birthday and upon arrival we were asked for our coats and were sent down the dimly lit stairs which revealed the beautifully decorated restaurant. at the bottom of the hallway we were instantly greeted again and were escorted to our seats, where a waiter welcomed and introduced himself, even though most of the evening we had different waiters serving us.the menu was pretty limited from what i had expected but that to me meant that they were confident about the dishes they were serving. i had scallops for starters, the shank for mains, no desserts as we were not totally satisfied with what we had and for drinks i had a virgin colada, strawberry lassi, plenty of water and coca cola (i was the designated driver). they all came presented perfectly.the scallops were cooked and seasoned perfectly but nothing else. i was waiting for a punch of spice or something that would have made the dish standout but nothing. i got to try my friend's papdi chaat, that was delicious, fresh and i could have happily ate a plate by myself. my virgin colada was nice but that was it. the shank was beautiful, cooked perfectly and the spices were bang on. i ordered naan which was the wrong thing to do but why did the waiter not stop me when i was making that error. he could have easily said i would recommend rice but we never got that from the waiter except would you like any dal tadka to go with that. hmm... no dal tadka thank you but you could have recommended me rice for my shank. anyway i still enjoyed the naan with my shank. my friend totally hated the biryani and she never complains about biryani but she said it lacked spice and flavour.the last thing i had was the strawberry lassi and what a disappointment that was. hardly any flavour of the strawberries coming through which gave it more of a lassi taste rather than of the sweet strawberries described.we asked for the weighty bill which was accompanied with some lovely chocolates and off we were out of the restaurant, half full and half disappointed. comparing tamarind to benares which is also an indian michelin star restaurant, benares wins outright. this is a really great experience in no small part due to our waiter, joseph. first class food, liquor and service from the moment we walked in. my favorite was the lamb chop appetizer. but it all was great. it's not inexpensive, but it is value for the price. try the yoghurt and chickpea appetizer - it was killer. extremely well done michelin starred indian cuisine - i was very happy on almost every level.my girlfriend and i made a late arrival into london and were extremely fortunate that our reservation at tamarind was held despite it being a friday night reservation (and what we saw was a full house).the hostess (natalia) was very kind and guided us to our table where we were served by what looks like indian mafia bosses as waiters. we ordered the following:1) papdi chaat - surprisingly light for a street food appetizer dish like this and full of flavor2) lobster masala - lobster tail meat, surprisingly a good portion. for some reason, the sauce didn't do a whole lot for me but the meat was great.3) murgh makhani - you can't go wrong with this butter chicken dish. excellent curry.4) prawn with coconut curry (forgot the exact name for this curry) - highly recommend this one. the curry was also very very very good.5) plain naan of course which was good6) kulfi (both pistachio and mango) - surprisingly a bit let down by these but worth a shot. maybe do the gulab jaman instead!with indian food, i always do old fashioned cocktails as it pairs very well for me and i gotta say...they make an awesome old fashioned here.the space is great, service is class, and you walk away with a full stomach guaranteed.highly recommend! we had a reservation, we were delayed about 10 minutes. the table was not up to the delay. the service was fast, so fast that they brought the salad with main dish. of course we refused the salad and they didn't apologize and refused to pay for it when they billed us. i strongly believe that the food was precooked, and they only heated it for us. it tasted good to average. we ate lam biryani and something like butter chicken. it was overpriced by 25-35%. most or serving staff were not indians, which made the restaurant loose its authenticity. for food 4 stars for service one star. this place is excellent.had a wonderful dinner here. was in a party of three. we got the group menu (72 per person). obviously that's not cheap, but the food was outstanding and the portions voluminous; we had quite a bit left over, and we were completely stuffed.what i liked about the food is that it wasn't over-engineered or anything. it was classic, hearty and delicious. i think the other set menu ('tasting menu') was more high-end and painstakingly presented, but the stuff we got was straightforward.there's an exhaustive wine list, but we just kept it to a couple rounds of cobra (priced at a refreshing 5 per bottle). very pleasant ambiance, not too stuffy. stellar service.absolutely worth a visit if you like indian food and are willing to pay up a bit for a special experience. we were led downstairs to a spacious dining room and seated straight away.the place is very popular so i do recommend a reservation.they offer a pre theater menu with lots of tasty dishes 35 ph or an a la carte menu.we chose the kabab selection and this was substantial and very tasty. a huge tiger prawn, chicken, monk fish and lamb chop. for our main we selected an array of dishes so we could sample everything. they have a good cocktail selection and were more than happy to make a cocktail for me that was not on their list. the staff were very friendly and attentive.i will definetely be back and they do have a monthly competition where you can win a meal for 2 if you place your business card in the bowl. tamarind is an elegant, modern, white linen michelin star indian restaurant located in the mayfair district of london. the dining room is located below street level in a small intimate room. this is a great venue for both intimate personal dinners as well as business dinners. the indian food at tamarind is traditional west indian food prepared in a tandoor oven; it is delicate, subtle, and expertly balanced with spice resulting in delicious unforgettable food. dining at tamarind is a special experience that will transform your experience with indian food and perhaps directly influence your thoughts about india's culture.tamarind's atmosphere is warm and inviting; the service (run by fernandes, a native of goa) is impeccable, the head wine sommelier reynald felder is refreshingly knowledgable and passionate about wine and it's pairing with indian food. there are very few (if any) restaurants that we dine at where the sommelier knows as much as my husband does about wine or is as passionate as he is. for wine lovers, the wine list at tamarind is well assembled and balanced.to assist you with the menu you may want the assistance of fernandes. for our recent dinner we paired a delicious bottle of white burgandy (a folatieres, puligny montrachet) .... which has a light, smooth, and a seductive taste with a mixed appetizer from the kebab menu, including tikka prawn (our favorite); and the main course items of lamb masala, chicken tikka in tomatoe, potatoes and okra, and garlic naan.tamarind is a fabulous restaurant that never disappoints. i've been coming to tamarind since they first opened. i would always try to stay in mayfair when i would come to london on business every quarter. walking inside tamarind i love the beautiful well appointed and elegant decor that is sophisticated and luxurious, not stuffy.tamarind's traditional moghul cuisine allows you to try dishes that are cooked in their authentic tandoor style oven. i lost a bet the previous evening with my college roommate so i was buying dinner. i figured if i was paying we might as well try as much of the menu as possible. we started with aloo tikki, grilled scallops, kalonji jhinga tiger prawns with ginger, yoghurt, paprika,ground spices and toasted nigella seeds - yum. for main courses we loved the kadhai gosht lamb with peppers, onions, crushed coriander and cumin; the chicken tikka, and tali macchi fillet of sea bass.needless to say we skipped the desserts, but were able to wash this 3 hour dinner down with some cold lagers. new york needs some better indian cuisine, and a proper tamarind is in order. another great meal at tamarind, super service and amazing indian in the heart of mayfair near berkeley square.enjoyed the murgh chicken tikka masala, so delicious and creamy. the best dal makhni ever and some really well done malabar praun. something so good about a well cooked praun in a delicious spicy sauce. had both date and cheese naan - so good. finally had a succulent golub jamun and a really great pistachio kulfi. super attentive, great service and a great environment. will be back. i enjoyed tamarind very much. it was my first time dining at an indian restaurant so i didn't know what to expect. my co-worker loves indian food and was given tamarind as a recommendation. it is a michelin starred restaurant and is worthy of the rating.to get started i ordered the passion fruit martini and my co-worker ordered the rose petal martini. omg delicious drinks! after taking a sip of the rose petal martini i knew that had to be my second drink. both were expertly crafted. as for our meal we enjoyed: *pudhina chops which featured lamb cutlets with dried mint, tomato & coriander chutney. absolutely delicious with no one flavor too overpowering.*tandoori grilled jumbo prawn with a mint sauce. another excellent choice.*chicken tikka masala. a staple dish in indian cuisine featuring perfectly flavored chicken cooked with tomato, onion, and ginger with dried fenugreek leaves. my co-worker said this was the best chicken tikka she ever had. i didn't have anything to compare it to but i couldn't imagine it tasting any better.we also enjoyed a side of roasted eggplant and seasoned rice. the rice was light and delicious. not sure what flavors were in it but it complimented everything we ate. the roasted eggplant was not too soggy which can often times happen. as for dessert we shared the gulab jamun which was cardamom flavored milk dumplings and hazelnut chantillie. it almost tasted like a warm doughnut. really hard to pinpoint the flavor or texture but it was excellent.service was fast and efficient. our server wasn't overly attentive or friendly but was in no way rude. we enjoyed a pleasant conversation with the sommelier who was quick to bring us our cocktails and make sure we were happy with our drink choices. tamarind was a wonderful experience and i would enthusiastically recommend dining here. summary: deserves the michelin star for food and service, but the atmosphere feels dated and somewhat stale. we had the lunch prix fixe, which was a great deal. the game tikka and prawns were both tender and the sauces extremely well balanced. great service. just noticed little things like the stoneware being chipped/stained or lots of marks on the stairs/walls. we went at lunch on a friday and it was pretty dead. all in all a fine experience but i wouldn't make a return visit. i've been to tamarind a couple times, and without a doubt it's one of my favorite place to eat in london. while the set lunch with 3 courses and sides for 32 is an absolute steal, it's worth every penny to veer into the pricier a la carte menu. the tandoori grilled jumbo prawns are heavenly and perhaps one of the best things i've ever eaten. even if you think you know indian food, a visit to tamarind will show you how indian flavors can be elevated to a level you've never tasted before. while i was skeptical at first, tamarind is very deserving of its michelin star.service is excellent, being both attentive and approachable. the dining room is very bright and airy despite being in a basement location. wine service is excellent. the chicken tikka masala was cooked very carefully and expertly. a well-balanced and tasty dish overall.what i enjoyed was the diversity of authentic indian dishes prepared so well. bravo! we went to tamarind while visiting london by a recommendation of a friend. my husband and i were celebrating our anniversary and so we wanted somewhere special. tamarind was a great choice. we both love indian food so an indian food restaurant was a must while in london!. the fact that is michelin stared place was a big draw as well.the restaurant is located in the posh mayfair district, and the restaurant itself is very elegant. the crowd is very elegant as well. the service was a little overwhelming as you have about 5 people waiting on you at all times, but it was a very nice dinner and the staff even remembered it was our anniversary. very nice touch!.the food, omg, the food is amazing!. a medley of flavors, sauces and spices. not for the faint of heart as indian food is. very authentic plates as well as some fusion ones.however all of it was delicious.the maitre d suggested a very nice wine, we also tried some excellent cocktails suggested by out server and went with the chef's menu. now in hindsight, this was way too much food, about 7 courses or so, but so delicious!. we tried a bit of everything: from lamb to masala to tandori oven dishes. 5 star all the way! was recommended as one of the best indian in town. it wasn't. don't get me wrong, food was ok/good but i don't think it deserves best of...chicken tikka masala: we ordered extra spicy. that particular request costed us an extra half an hour - or at least that's what we were told when we inquired whereabouts of our much delayed food. and it wasn't extra spicy.don't think i'll go again. worth the michelin star! i have been coming here every trip to london since 1995 never falls to disappoint! i have referred countless people here and all loved it. menu changes with season but is always rich and delicious the saag paneer is the best ive ever had. whats nice is jeans are ok although the setting is very chic. while it is pricey it's well worth. they now have several locations but i prefer the mayfair location. we had a wonderful dinner here with the kids. the lassi is some the best i have had. good service and choices. the hostess was helpful. i was very impressed with the food and service at tamarind. probably the best lamb i have ever had anywhere. the monkfish appetizer was equally sublime. our waiter hasan was helpful in offering selections of food and very well paced in his service, allowing us time to enjoy our courses.	0	0	1	0	0
 i decided to come here grudgingly as it is across the road from my favourite restaurant. however i was best pleased with the outcome. albeit the prices are expensive it sets the scene for a more intimate/romantic destination. this is definitely a good place for an fun night as part of a planned out evening. the wine is more expensive but they have quite a vast selection which is always nice. my favourite part is the amazing chicken salad (effectively a caesar salad) which was quite perfect and then the beautifully presented veal escalope which i think is always a safe choice.i would definitely come here again for a definite fun night out. good staff and great environment. see you there at around 10pm. lovely little place in notting hill. the staff took care of us despite being a handful of typical americans... haha. we tried a lot of different things and everything was very tasty. we sat on the ground floor which was really nice because there are large open windows so it feels like you're outside. the sea bass filet was very delicious- almost silky, and the tortellini with spinach and ricotta was definitely creamy and luxurious. yes i just called pasta luxurious. make sure to get reservation and get a seat upstairs. the downstairs is a little crowded and stuffy. i had dinner with three other people and was a little bit disappointed with the timing of the food. my dish came out about 10 minutes ahead of the others..and not wanting to be rude, i didn't want to begin eating until everyone had their plates. my food ended up being lukecold, but still quite delicious. i ordered the mezze maniche con melanzane, pomodoro e mozzarella (pasta tubes with aubergines, mozzarella cheese, basil, and tomato sauce) , which is 12.50 euros - not bad at all!!make sure to finish your meal with tiramisu and limoncello digestif. delicious. walked in and the owner/manager pointed and shouted at me. no context whatsoever but i have never felt less welcome in my life. will never eat there or recommend to anyone was walking past portobello road when i spotted this restaurant on a saturday afternoon. i knew it had to be good since there was a line coming out the door and the upstairs was completely packed. they seated me and my sister downstairs, right next to a rustic wine cellar. i didn't mind it at all, it was less noisy even though it was just as packed. we had the pizza margherita and tagliolini al ragout di manzo. both were great, but hands down the highlight of our meal was the house-made pasta! yum yum yum!!! another spot where i have no clue why i never tried it until recently even though i live so close. the people here are so friendly they went around talking to everyone at each table. we came for lunch and it was packed. from what i could overhear from people trying to get bookings, dinner reservations are much harder to come by.we tried pizza and pasta and both were scrumptious! we can't wait to come back again and try out more of their dishes. if you love real italian food, this is the place for you. the resto is cozy downstairs and trendy upstairs if a bit noisy.try the aubergine for starter and the tortellini with ricotta for a main dish. you must stop after each bite to contemplate how delicious the food is.the bread was outstanding and is a meal in itself with good quality olive oil for dipping. the spaghetti with clams was first rate. we finished with good coffee and raspberry cheesecake which was light and creamy. being italian, i try to avoid italian restaurants here as most of them are just plain terrible, so when some friends invited me there i was a bit skeptical but went anyways, and thank god i did! this place and their dishes remind me of home, of the things my grandma used to cook! everything is delicious and they have a great wine selection too (and the staff is actually italian!) it's not as cheap as in italy but not expensive either, considering the location and quality. our table was upstairs but when i went downstairs to go to the toilet i noticed that the lower floor was rather noisy. so be aware of that when booking. i love going to a restaurant after reading a bunch of yelp reviews and meeting or exceeding expectations. we had reservations at 9:30 and our table was downstairs. it felt so homey and loved all the christmas decorations. the bread was so good to start especially since we're all so hungry that late. to start, we decided to share the tuna, aubergine parmagiana (yum! i can eat this as a main!), garlic bread (like pizza), burrata cheese and the white truffle fettucini which was amazing. for my main i ordered the tagliolini which definitely was an excellent choice. for dessert, we ordered 1 tiramisu to share for 6 people as it was pretty big. not the best i've had but i'd say good enough.overall, the food and service was pretty good and would definitely be back for some more cibo. ciao bella!! nice little restaurant. we were there today around 6:45pm and it wasnt really crowned. it seems that there were a lot of reservations but luckily we got a seat without one. i wont say the people are really welcoming tho. and because it is such a small place it was a bit squeezing.the buffet starter was nice. pay less and can try a lot of different things. love the mix salad. i ordered the spaghetti with clams and it was delicious.main courses are actually okay but the starter and drinks were a bit expensive. two of us spent 75.25 but it was a nice experience. :) came here wanting amazing italian food and i got exactly what i wanted. this place gets very busy, so make sure you make a reservation or come early. my boyfriend and i got a bottle of wine and 2 pasta dishes that were delicious! i would definitely come back authentic italian in charming notting hill. be surprised with the portion sizes they are very satisfying. value for money - yes. service with a smile - by every staff member authentic taste - belissimo italiano. would i eat here again - in a micro second. the pizza and pasta was fresh, well prepared and tasted as traditional italian as the decor and staff who wait the floor. great service, romantic and cosy it's a great place for those who want an up beat dining experience with flavour and flare to boot.a lovely lunch experience. quite the lovely italian restaurant located in notting hill. i came here with a friend based on his recommendation. we arrived on a weeknight around 8pm and the restaurant was completely full. luckily we made reservations and got a nice little table for two downstairs.so... the bread. holy crap, it's absolutely amazing. i had to restrain myself from eating too much. my friend even asked for a second basket. slightly toasted on the outside with a soft middle. dip those babies in olive oil and balsamic vinegar and you've got yourself a appetizing treat, as well as a fully blown carbo loaded meal. i ordered the tagliolini con gamberetti, zucchine, prosciutto crudo e pachino (hand-made tagliolini with shrimps, courgettes ,parma ham and cherry tomatoes) and loved it. i hate to admit it, but i ate the entire thing in one sitting. *sigh*kudos to my friend for a picking a superb italian restaurant! great food, wonderful atmosphere, and bread that is to die for! we really enjoyed osteria basilico tonight. i'm glad we took this recommendation from the guy sitting next to us at cecconi's on saturday. here's the food rundown: - burrata with parma ham - excellent - do it. - tuna tartare - found the dish to pretty creative incorporating in fruit, avocado and salad - garlic bread is actually a garlic bread pizza: wife loves garlic bread and i love anything i can put burrata or tartare on - tortelloni filled w/ spinach & ricotta cheese: very good, wish i hadn't filled up on apps so i could have eaten more. exceptional service. get upstairs if you can - reserve early. i'd put this on your short list of meals in london if you're seeking out some really good italian without breaking the bank. great food, great atmosphere and great service! my friend and i made a last minute reservation to come here one day. we got a table downstairs but as it was very hot we asked if we could be moved upstairs. the waiters are all very polite and helpful. they found us a seat up stairs in no time at all. i ordered a starter as i wasnt that hungry of carpaccio. there was a fair bit of meat which was a pleasant surprise. my friend ordered tagliatelle which was yummy and again a fair size portion.we both had ice cream for dessert and it was one of the best ice creams i have ever had. all round a great experience!! really liked it here and even waited for a table (something i hate doing). sat downstairs for our meal. it was one of the more pleasant below-ground dining areas i've been to - quite cozy with good lighting. all of the food i saw on the tables looked delicious and i heartily enjoyed my pasta dish, as did my friend. well worth the wait! excellent italian food in a two floor setting. went for early dinner and was fortunate to be able to get a table - it was busy at 6:30! i am from nyc. this place has a cool serve it yourself rustic simple app buffet. nice home cooked simple but delicious food. booked this for a special occasion. agreed the table we wanted upstairs. when we arrived we were sent downstairs. although the food was good as we expected, the table was not what we expected and was very cramped. the evening was disappointing. to cap it all we were asked if we wanted to pay the service twice. you can guess the answer. oh baby. you have to come here for the smoked mozzarella on a bed of mushrooms in tomato sauce and prosciutto. just think about that for a moment. yeah. come back and finish the rest of this review in a minute. just come to this restaurant, order this, and don't worry, whenever the grim reaper comes for you, you'll die happy. and you'll float away on a ball of melty, stretchy, smoky cheese. as for what to get after your mozzarella? well... for the gluten-eater in my life, it's always house-made pasta with an indulgent sauce, which changes with the season and the mood of the chef. i've also had some great anti pasti of the vegetable sort. after you've stuffed yourself on mozzarella, something light like grilled squid can be a welcome idea.just be sure you call well ahead of time. this place is a destination as well as a local favourite. if you try to show up on a friday at 8 pm, you'll have to go to one of the copy-cat places nearby. which is not the end of the world.gluten-free notes: no problems here. this place is run by italians and they know what to do. after the cheese-ball of happiness, you can try risotto, grilled fish, or steak. your life is good. delicious! carpaccio, burrata and prosciutto fresh, calamari a bit soggy, main course took forever....45min. busy place. tried to make reservations by phone for 5 people and was denied. the took us when we walked in however. very authentic food. i am over this place. it is packed on weekends, but on my last visit, despite reservations, we waited a while. service was not attentive at all, and the food was less than satisfying. for the price, this place needs to be better. recommend by hotel and had a wonderful meal. restaurant has a good size and fit for business dinner or family party. delicious pork.. great atmosphere with a real italian feel. the prosciutto pizza was simple and excellent. make sure that you book a table during weekends as it will be packed! the service was great, the foodwas so delicious and the company are remarkable, nothing that you can ask for!i really love this place.the tuna was also deliciouswith delectable salad of artichokes, potatoes, olives and green beans and thewine was superb! plus i love the ambiance, the whole interiors as well. :) one of the best italian restaurants in london. authentic dishes and flavors, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. start with antipasto, then go for a pasta or special of the day. make a booking because it's always busy for dinner. on a lovely night it's wonderful to dine al fresco. we will really miss this place when we move back to the states - seriously some of the best meals we've had while living here! wandering into notting hill on a thursday night without a reservation was a risky venture, and we knew it. so we were hungry -- and a little impatient -- by the time we found osteria basilico. they were also fully booked, but found us a table outside (and, thoughtfully, blankets, as even with the heaters we were a bit chilly ... nice touch ;-)food was both reasonable and quite lovely, bread warm and nice, a little wine and we quite forgot the cold. as some other reviews have noted, the waiters can be a little hard to flag outside -- maybe it's the impatient americans who always note this, we're so used to the bill hitting the table with the espresso -- but despite the busy service inside and turning a few also-unreserved people away, no one was in a rush to relieve us of our table at all, even when we sort of wanted them to. ;-) lovely find, and we were glad to find it. this is the best restaurant i have been to in london. love this place. it was a great evening in notting hill and we got a table outside. the service was great, food delicious and company spectacular... not much more you can ask for! :)delicious grilled vegetables and squid.. great wine.. and great company :) one word....go!!! this place was phenomenal and i am a southern italian so i'm pretty picky about my italian food. the atmosphere, food and the wait staff were all spectacular, i can see why locals love it cause it would be a regular place for me. the bread is sensational and my companion had the ossobucco and was close to licking the plate it was that good. i had a nice tagliatelle bolognese and we both enjoyed our starters. very difficult to get a booking but it's worth it when you do.lovely steak with rosemary, friendly chatty service and nice ambiance. this is italy, notting hill style...	1	1	1	0	1
 my wife and i had the pleasure of staying at the st. pancras hotel for our honeymoon.long days walking about in london called for early nights, and unfortunately we never got a chance to have dinner or even a nightcap at the booking office. on our last day in london, however, we were out of bed early enough to grab breakfast and a coffee down at the proper (but not so quaint) 'hotel bar'.i would say at the very least you must give the breakfast a shot. i had the berry pancakes and my wife got the eggs benedict - i would order them both again, however the coffee was our favorite part. this was by far the best latte we had on our entire trip to europe.if you don't get a chance to eat or drink here, i hope you've at least taken the time to marvel at the 40' high ceilings and fascinating decor. well done, renaissance. form over function, this is in the "lobby" of the st. pancras hotel. you get to eat and drink adjacent to the active train station while enjoying the towering, vaulted ceilings of the station's gothic revival architecture. it's a place to see and be seen. cocktails are pricey at 14 and up and i thought they tasted a bit weak, though the selection of house cocktails was extensive with some novel recipes. the beer tap list, however, was severely lacking. table service at least was quick and friendly. we came later in the evening so were here for drinks only and didn't try any food. overall, the ambiance is the real draw here. but the high prices and lower drink quality would force me to not recommend. ended up here inadvertently after arriving in st pancras earlier than expected and gilbert scott was so full, i didn't want to even try for a one person space. booking office was happy to seat me and was even so kind as to save the high top table for me after i wandered off so that i could come back to where i was first shown. it was a deceptively large space. now, on to the cocktail. it was a play on a negroni but was based on a smokey tequila, basically a mezcal. i was recommended this drink by the server and was not disappointed. i took my time with the drink because it was sent even better over time with the ice melting and releasing some of the flavors. i would definitely recommend even if it's the weekend and it looks packed and busy. expensive but tasty drinks. service was good, seating was nice, and a great location to catch up after a long day exploring the city. a bit fancier than my regular haunts but a fantastic atmosphere and great service. i popped in for a light diner and was quite happy with my meal. get the truffle chips!!! we came and enjoyed a pricey cocktail and some bar snacks. great service and such a lovely atmosphere. they had live music on which added to the ambiance. if you have an adult harry pottery fan on your hands, i'm sure they would love a visit here following your platform 9 3/4 photo opp. stayed at the renaissance for two nights.  had a fantastic breakfast experience the first morning, followed by one of the worst on day 2 when (after a 20 minute wait) they tried to pass off an over-cooked burnt pile of eggs as an omelet (see photo).  inconsistency is typical of many hotel restaurants and this one contributes to that rule. very nice atmosphere!! the drinks are a little more expensive than other places but it's something you expect from such a nice establishment and it's completely worth it for the experience. this is a great place to go grab some drinks with some friends and sit around and talk for a couple hours. and even a great place to take a date. they also have finger foods to snack on if you're feeling hungry. overall great place. fabulous hidden gem! 1st floor near international departures from st-pancreas station. what a lovely environment in which to relax! the gin & tonic menu was perfect, caesar salad with quail eggs and anchovies perfect and great fish and chips. service a little slow but the drinks are delicious. we had a missionarys downfall and some gin sling thing and would drink many of both. love the decor - nice mix of modern and traditional. didn't eat but the mini burgers looked real good. i'd give this place a 4 or 5 star rating based on the decor and food, but the service is so poor, it's gotta be a 3. ambience is utterly gorgeous. would be a good venue for a date, or to take some out-of-towners. i love the gothic spires, wooden accents, arched windows and artful interior lighting. drinks: cocktails slightly pricey at 12 each, and to be honest, tasted good but none of the mixes were anything brilliant. (note: i haven't had any of the warm drinks mentioned in another review, which might be superior).service: slow with attitude. yawn. why am i paying for people who don't seem to care at all about serving? i had to get up twice to get hold of my waiter; once i went to the bar myself to order drinks as i couldn't find anyone to serve me. and even after i'd ordered it took a while to get the drinks on, which seemed odd as the bar appeared to be well staffed. food: absolutely amazing, very impressed. the sea bream tasted so fresh it must have been swimming that morning. the halibut looked stunning; visual presentation of all dishes was excellent (4 of us went for dinner), and the portions were well sized. 20 for a main is money well spent here. visually the place is fabulous, and the location is super convenient. but that doesn't make up for bad service. i confess i was a little sceptical of this place beforehand - not only was this a bar in a hotel, but also in a train station. it can be tough for such bars to show character, so i suppose my expectations were fairly low.i needn't have worried - it turned out to be a gorgeously dramatic venue for start-of-the-night drinks. it really is all about the high arching ceiling and gothic spires - just be careful not to walk into anything whilst you're gazing upwards!i arrived first (unusually for me!) to find it almost full on a friday evening. the front-of-house lady seemed a little reluctant to help - simply telling me they were full for drinks reservations. i gestured to a nearby empty high table against the wall in the bar area and asked if we could sit there, at which point she hesitated, seemingly because it was set for 2 people when i'd asked for 3. i solved this perplexing dilemma with the revelationary idea of moving a spare chair from the next table over. original, right? and was only then allowed to sit down. not sure why she couldn't have helped me with that...?the cocktail menu is a real beauty, partly taking inspiration from the victorian era surroundings. it also takes a while to read through, so if you're thirsty go with the opening-at-a-random-page approach! particularly as they took a very long time to mix - we were waiting at least 25mins for our three choices after ordering from the table. i was happy with my ring of roses when it finally arrived though - a floral treat of vodka, rose cordial, lavender essence and champagne.we didn't stay for food and i feel it's more of a statement drinks place anyway, before going somewhere cosier for dinner. prices come in around the 9-12 mark, and if your wallet doesn't stop you drinking here all night then the waiting time per cocktail probably will! otherwise a happy cocktail stop so long as you're not in a rush... buzzy bar in a beautiful building, the staff are lovely, very relaxed and chatty even though it was very busy. lots of place to sit but most tables seemed to be reserved. the cocktails were amazing, we just had snacks but they were delicious. just to clarify my rating, the service was 5 star plus and the food was 2 star.it was set in an atmospheric old building and the service was impeccable. everyone we encountered was friendly, chatty, attentive, efficient and polite. but the food was very disappointing. duck liver pate (8.50) was bitter and lacked flavour, but cornish crab cocktail (12.50) had fresh meaty crab and was tasty. st. pancras cod & chips (18) was very disappointing. the cod was watery, and the batter was greasy and soggy. the chips were excellent: crunchy outside and fluffy inside. strangely, they served crushed flavourless peas instead of mushy peas. rib eye steak (28) completely lacked flavour as it was not char-grilled. with that price tag, we expected a perfectly-grilled (not pan-fried), decent, flavourful steak. it came with grilled tomatoes and grilled inedible mushrooms (dry, bitter and with cardboard texture). chocolate and pistachio cake (8.50) was not a cake but a mousse. it had beautiful garnishes which completely lacked flavour, but the chocolate ice cream was creamy and tasty. blueberry and almond bakewell tart (8.50) had undercooked base, but the filling was ok. it came with wonderful creme fraiche sorbet. their cooking standard was well below the price tags.i think it is a perfect place to have a couple of drinks in a sophisticated yet relaxed and friendly atmosphere. the bartender was very friendly and informative. the selection was great. you will be well taken care of by the excellent staff. was actually staying at the connected hotel so very convenient to pop down for a bite and drink. as other have mentioned the ambience is amazing. the breakfast buffet is pretty decent. there's a wide selection of food from eggs benedict, fresh fruit, cured meats, etc. your pretty standard fare for a 4-5 star hotel breakfast. the best part is after hours drinks. the cocktail menu items are exciting, different and taste delicious. definitely recommend coming here for drinks. oh booking office, let me count the ways...from your amazing(ly strong) drinks, well prepared and lovingly put in my hands to the beautiful cheese strews and snacks, you had me with me first step in. a cocktail will cost around 11.50 but the taste is out of this world. if you head over on a cold winter's day you will find some delicious homemade hot drinks to keep you warm. a warning to those who have never been: thursday and friday tends to be pretty busy so don't expect a seat or you will be left unhappy. many will wander up to the bar, drop their stuff and camp out for an enjoyable time. great drinks inspired by english legends. amazing victorian architecture centered around the train station. very impressed... had the vegetarian english breakfast, i expected at least one vegetarian sausage in it but no, there were only loads of potato cakes , and they tasted very blend, not as nice as i expected. but the hall was just amazing, amazing old train station looking interior! 5 star for the environment! 4* food & serviceservice was impeccable even though we weren't guests of the institutional hotel.the moment i walked in, the concierge rushed to help me with my bag up three steps. had to shoo them away since i was fine with the bag.i was out at the lobby area for a business meeting. we ordered drinks, lunch and dessert.i got the sticky toffee with clotted cream and (non alcoholic) ginger&lemon drink.my colleagues had:the salmon dish which looked fabuloussandwich also looked greatour meeting was about 2.5hours long but since we kept ordering food & drinks, they left us alone.the coat room was convenient as well as i had to lug my luggage around. swanky joint. the steak i had was ok, a bit over done, but the peppercorn sauce saved it a bit. the tripple fried frittes were good. solid. the drinks were good... and even when one of the drinks was spilled all over the place they took the time to come over and clean everything up and re-fill the drink. the staff came over with great care and delicacy. it was really of them. the bar itself is superb. high ceilings, exposed brick, ginormous windows overlooking the platforms. very cool place. if you ever want to feel classy, then put on your best tie and shirt and head down to this place because you will feel like one classy mofo sipping on your beer or wine while nibbling on hors d'oeuvres (is this ok to say in england?).the mood here is great and it's a very nice and quiet place to bring your sexy lady and treat her right here like a proper gent. it does come with a higher price but it's totally worth it. seating is limited but that's because the space is wide and spread out for optimum privacy in conversation yet intimate because of the lighting. they serve food but it's best to go here for something light and drinks and head on over somewhere else just as fancy to impress that girl you like (or that guy).service is top notch. the decor is awesome at this restaurant/bar in the renaissance st-pancras hotel (part of the marriott chain).  the drinks menu and selection is very good, and enjoyed the beer in a metal mug - reminded me of the old cartoon robin hood! i thought the service was kind of slow, and the food was ok. good spot to have a drink before going to bed or for breakfast. i like the booking office a lot so this review may be a bit mean.we had a really bad experience with a rather 'special' visitor to the bar - eddie... if i ever see you again i will not be happy.eddie introduced himself by touching up one of my colleagues before proceeding to offer her babies. in between he also covered off the fact he already had a wife and kids. but was still happy to off an impregnation service if my colleague would like. not a nice fella. after much politely trying to get rid of him, with no help from bar staff when he was clearly a grievance. i walked him to the cloak room, where he attempted to punch me. the cloak room attendant ignored this completely. a little help would have been nice. to summarise eddie is an asshole.... on the plus side the drinks were tasty and after the ordeal i washed away the irritation with a delicious old fashioned. winner!would reccommend just keep an eye out for short lotharios name eddie great bar in the renaissance, st pancras hotel. stunning architectural features from the original old station. ceilings that were almost cathedral like in detail, high and vaulted, and they played to this characteristic beautifully by uplighting the ceilings with dim, soft red lighting. the service is very attentive and accommodating. excellent champagne and the best dark and stormy i've ever had! recently had a business meeting at the booking office. first of all, the place is stunning, set inside the old st. pancreas station, it is an extraordinary fusion of classic gothic architecture and modern accents.the food, while pricey (what isn't in london), was equally impressive. i went for the blt & chips while my partner had the gnocchi. we were both happy.the music was good and the overall vibe excellent. i don't drink, but the beverage menu even had me considering trying something!we've already re-set two more meetings here. if you're nearby, definitely stop in. on friday's and saturday's, word is it gets pretty crowded, so make a reservation! great food and drinks but (old lady alert) very noisy due to the acoustics of the beautiful architecture. the atmosphere here is stunning. the old booking office at the station, high ceilings, wood paneling, railway clock, brick and windows looking onto the platforms. they have plenty of tables with cushy seats (many of the clientele on a friday eve were making out).anyhow, the food was disappointing. a bit pricey (14 pounds for a burger or sandwich) and the menu was quite limited. the burger was dry and bland and the fish cakes were very fishy. the chips were good.they had a lounge singer there on a friday night, and the crowd can be quite tourist-trashy. with very little options in the area, it is a nice place to grab a drink or a quick snack and relax into the atmosphere--i think it might be more desirable in the afternoons. this place was great. i was a guest at the hotel and so had dinner there the night of my arrival. i was pleasantly surprised. the atmosphere is very comfortable. the menu was appropriately varied; and there was a decent selection of wine by the glass. i started with the goat cheese, beet and watercress salad which was so good! probably the best i have ever had, and i get this salad any chance i can. for an entree i had the chicken which was good, but nothing spectacular. for dessert i had the chocolate fondant which was fantastic. i would go again when next in london. the only reason i gave it 4 starts instead of 5 is because i think that - as a solo diner - i may have been forgotten about. it took a long time for my chicken to come, and when it did, it had cooled off a bit. fortunately, i was not in a rush. this bar is attached to the st. pancras renaissance london hotel, which is a luxury hotel at the st. pancras international rail station. basically, i'm telling you, it's not just another pub (although they do serve versions of some pub favorites.)we came for drinks and a late-night bite to eat, and since we were guests of the hotel, it's very convenient.the place is fantastic! it's an historic landmark that literally used to be the booking office for the old train station.the food was good, but even if you're just going for drinks, try their "chips", the best we had in london.as for drinks, my wife liked their mojito's but they garnished my manhattan with an orange peel that threw the drink off, at least for me.definitely drop by, if you're staying at the hotel, or just passing thru the international station. first the positives: the atmosphere here is great and the staff are lovely - the right level of attentiveness without being over bearing. however, the reason for only two stars is this:the breakfast menu stops at 11am on a saturday, with no brunch type options on the menu. this is a shame as they have 4 sandwich options and i'm sure a breakfast-type one wouldn't be too difficult to add. i tried to order the "daily special" (though they are listed, by day, on the menu) and was merely told "we don't have it". there was no reason given such as the fact that it was sold out (though that seems unlikely at 12noon), and no alternative was offered. we both settled on the 13 steak sandwich. the steak was cooked as we ordered, which is good, but it was still very tough. i don't think it was that high quality. the chips were very good though! i'd love to go back to the foyer bar rather than the booking hall to try that, as it looked much better value. also, the staff outside the gilbert scott were very helpful in telling us all about the building, so that may be worth shelling out for.	0	1	1	0	1
 i was here for dinner. great concept - first totally veggie buffet i have ever been to and i loved it. i tried a little bit of everything i could that was vegan (and there was so much!) and wasn't disappointed in anything. there was a green been (with walnuts?) dish... out. of. this. world. it's not cheap but it's not terribly expensive either.i'm missing this place every day since leaving london.nice job! fantastic vegetarian restaurant in a beautiful pedestrian street in the heart of london, just second away from regent st. basically you pick up a plate, to choose he food from the buffet style display and then you pay by weight.i tried a bit of everything and everything was very tasty. there is a big variety of cold and warm dishes! everything is so fresh and neatly presented!the carrots with their secret recipe were so good, i went and got a whole bowl of them!i also love that there is a lot of vegan options i'm defiantly coming back for lunch or dinner i came for the first time last week with a friend that wanted to try something vegan as i'm vegan myself. it's a buffet and you pay by weight, there are a lot of vegan options which is quite nice, it's not too expensive and i find the food was quite filling. the place looks very nice and there was a lot of seating, it wasn't full.i would recommend because there is not so many vegan places in the area for this price and the food was ok it was filling , but i wasn't amazed, the food wasn't so exciting even though we didn't try everything. i don't feel like it's the kind of place you can bring your non vegan friends. and i felt a bit bad that some dishes i couldn't take just because there was honey. very good choice of food. this is a buffet. there is just so much that probably you will end up tasting everything and eating a lot. so a little piece of advice is maybe just to taste max 2/3 things and then have 1/2 veggie sides. don't miss dessert!!! so good! a good selection of vegan and vegetarian food. lots of interesting things to try, some of which are great and some less so. i wanted to keep everything very separate on my plate so i could taste everything on its own knowing what each was. luckily this limited how much i took because when i got it weighed it came to fourteen quid. we're in mayfair, don't forget. nothing stood out highly but everything was very acceptable.so far so fairly good. the place was comfy and quiet and the employees helpful, i really was quite happy here. a second plate of four small portions of dessert was less hit and miss than the first, delicious, especially the rhubarb crumble. their coffee was outstanding too. it's time for an updated review. i come here regularly because it's an absolutely beautiful, delicious restaurant in a great location. tibits has a wide variety of delicious vegetarian and vegan cuisine. it's set up buffet style and you weigh the food once you've piled everything on. it's very large with beautiful seating on the main floor and downstairs. whenever i come here i always want to try a little bit of everything because it's all absolutely delicious. they even have a cook book which i've been cooking from! i love it, and i've made one of my close meat-eating friends a lover of this place as well. tibits is one of my favourite places in london. :) amazing place! the prices are a little high but the food was worth every cent! such a cool concept and so many options! cute atmosphere too! loved everything about it!! brilliant! i love buffet style restaurants and this one is top notch!all dishes are vegetarian, many vegan and gluten-free, everything is properly labeled and the selection is vast! there's so much to choose from, all dishes are fresh and seasonal and they even have a selection of tasty desserts.you pay by weight, so you don't feel a need to overeat as with many all-you-can-eat buffets. though the selection is so good and delicious, you may still load up your plate way too much.definitely worth a visit! the food was tasty. i liked that they marked everything with gluten-free, vegan and nuts.i did as recommended from other yelp-ers and took first one plate with a little bit of everything. and later one with more of the things i liked most.the total price was much more expensive as a whole meal in other restaurants. unfortuanetely i didn't get the impression that i got more for more money. maybe this is normal with buffet-restaurants, but for me this was a unpleasant surprise. i was taken here recently by a friend for dinner, and am happy to report that it is now added to my regular list of vegetarian restaurants to visit.the concept is simple: there is a buffet of mixed vegetarian dishes. you take a plate, make your choice, and then take it to the counter to get it weighed. you are then given a tray and can order drinks at the bar. you can choose both mains and desserts in one trip, or do them separately (i'd recommend the latter). a bread roll (including a gluten free choice) is included in the price.the course of mains was excellent - a good mix of basic salads, alongside vegetarian dishes from around the world. most of them were excellent, tasty and well thought-through, though one of the aubergine dishes was under-cooked for my liking. i found the choice of desserts a little less exciting - you can't go wrong with fruit, but i would have liked custard to go with a couple of the steamed puddings. that said, it is easy to get carried away on the mains and so not have room for dessert. a generous selection of mains for me came to 15.70, and a 250ml glass of decent sauvignon was 6.30. the only downside to the whole process is having to queue with your plate for your food (and it meant we had to take it in turns to get our food, so as not to leave our possessions unattended).what i really like is that the restaurant itself makes an effort to provide nice, classy surroundings - it's slightly informal, but a wonderful change from the "shabby-chic" approach that predominates in most veggie venues. there's a generous patio at the front for outdoor dining - which is particularly attractive as heddon street is pedestrianised and so traffic free. veggie food, to me surprising well done and tasty despite self serving and then weighing your food to pay. great for a pit stop meal. peter and i stumbled upon this eatery by accident. we were scheduled to go somewhere else, however, there was a dress code not mentioned on the site or yelp, however, it ended up being a blessing in disguise cause we got to discover this great place. this is a vegetarian place with some vegan and gluten free options. the concept is that you take a plate (or boat as they call it) and pick items from the trays. go to the cashier and weigh it.we came for dinner, therefore, we were charged 2,70 per 100g. a modest plate cost us 9 pounds. the desserts had some traditional english desserts, therefore, i was able to get a few sweet treats knocked off the bucket list.the atmosphere was a fine line between casual and semi fine dining at night without the pretentious feel.you can even order some good coffee and high end cocktails.very friendly staff.there are two floors. peter and i sat on the main level to get a more feel for the place but if you're feeling introverted there's a table for you down in the basement. got off to a bit if a wary start, but had a great time and tried so many fab flavours.i'm a meat eater and loved everything i tried!would highly recommend. i went with my mum as a birthday treat before going to the theatre and the food was absolutely delicious!!it's in the regent street food quarter, just next to the ice bar, off regent street. very easy to get to with lots of tube stations nearby!it's a buffet style, pile it on and then take it to the till to be weighed. there is a massive range of food from all around the world available and it is all lovely and fresh.pricing is pretty reasonable, a meal for my mum & i + 2 glasses of prosecco came to around 40, which we were pleasantly surprised about.the staff were friendly and helpful. and i will most definitely be visiting again.if you want to read more, i wrote a review about it on my blog: eatsleepluisarepeat.co.u so happy to have stumbled upon this place when i was hungry! there was an abundance of vegetarian/vegan options buffet style. i was so happy that they had good falafel and beet hummus. my asian slaw was excellent! good wine selection and they had kombucha! service was super friendly and the place had a cheerful atmosphere. thank you to the guy who helped me open my kombucha! wooow this restaurant is an amazing one and one of the best they serve a vegetarian food sooo testy i would recommend it too spicy ! nice concept, vegi salad bar, where they charge by weight, but everything seems to share same taste and it's all too spicy, not for kids ! so great! vegan-friendly and you pay per weight of your plate. my husband is vegan and we both found ourselves finding lots of things we liked here. we came back several times during our stay in london. relaxed and bustling environment, good selection of food although most of it was cold. good value and lots of different beverages to choose from. while i am a known carnivore amongst my friends and vegetarian restaurants seem to me like they are missing the main course, tibits is one vegetarian restaurant that i actually really like. initially i enjoyed the novelty of having a buffet that you can pick and choose what and how much food you want on your plate, i loved that in hotels when i was little, and the fact that you just pay by weight, so there's no dish that's more expensive and you can pay according to how much you wish to eat. the food itself is all delicious and you get to try lots of different dishes so there is something there for everyone. they also have a very nice juice selection and organic beer. the atmosphere is very relaxed and the furniture looks very pretty in pastel colours and rustic elements. when it's warm you can sit outside and enjoy the sun and fresh air and it does make you forget you are at the heart of central london. this place has a great selection of veggie foods! there are always new options alongside the staples. everything is very fresh, and i can't think of anything i didn't like. unfortunately, this place is way too expensive. unbelievably expensive. one plate of food, with a bite or two of about 1/2 the options is usually at least 13 and i always leave hungry. i hate that! unfortunately, this place is always busy, so i doubt their prices will change anytime soon. they have plenty of indoor plus out door seating which is nice. nothing really stands out, if i come again it's probably because of the convenient location this was one of my favorite places when we lived in zurich and we stumbled on it on our trip back to london. great vegetarian options. i love their coffee choices as well as their other drinks. simple menu and self serve buffet choices. a pleasant, delicious and healthy experience. great place, will most likely go back this week. good things are : - vegetarian place that does not look too vegan, and it is rare in the city. - location : right in the center where you end up spending a lot of time, and where finding a spot where you can actually come in with no reservation is hard to find.- concept : a food bar where you make your plate and pay per weight, like at whole foods- a nice selection of dishes and you also have access to a full bar (see the vegan that does not look too vegan point)- and the food was good. lots of salads, already cooked meals etc.it is very casual and you end up paying a bit too much for such a casual spot, though it is such a nice alternative to everything around that area that it deserves the 4 stars. oh they also have space downstairs and unless super crowded, i think you should be able to be sited right upon arrival. enjoy, i am not fond of buffets. an obscene amount of food all cooked mediocrely and left to sit under a plethora of warming lights for god knows how long? various cuisines mixed in together due to overzealous patrons dropping some of their scoops? unnatural colors that look more like they belong in a bucket of paint? yeah no thanks. even in las vegas, the heart of buffet food, i actively shudder at the mention of attending one. thankfuly tibits is not that kind of buffet. upon walking in, one is greeted with the smell of fresh food that is beautifully prepared and labeled accordingly. everything looks good. i don't think i've ever stuffed my plate with so many different options. and it's all vegetarian! from a variety of salads (loved the asian slaw and beluga lentil salad) to entrees (mmm spiced vegetable & chickpea tangine) to desserts, there's plenty for everyone. my husband and i went here when we visited london a few years ago and couldn't wait to go back on our most recent visit. yeah, it was that good. you also pay by weight so there's no need to overstuff your plate just to get your money's worth.. just be careful, with so many tasty looking options, tibits can get very costly! i really love this place, it's quick, convenient, healthy, and tasty...and, of course, they have a plethora of vegan options! tibits is essentially a pay by weight concept and it's also a great place to go if you're dining by yourself, as i saw many people doing the same. i've eaten here during my last two business trips and have not found one negative. the teas are also great and adorable as well. when i lived in switzerland, the origin of tibits, i ate there all the time. now there are so many other nice places in london to try but i wanted to go once and see if it's any different.and... it isn't! i got the same quality and deliciousness that i was so familiar with.you can put as many different hot foods, salads, and snacks from the buffet on your plate as you want and then weigh it at the bar where you also order your drink.it's all vegetarian and has lots of vegan options aswell. everything's fresh and healthy and there are desserts too, if you long for something sweet afterwards. i'm a big fan of buffets so i was immediately excited by tibits' set-up. most of the buffet restaurants i've encountered have never really been all that aesthetically pleasing, so i was really surprised when we set foot in tibits. it has a very contemporary feel to it and you immediately feel welcome. surrounded by slightly livelier bars and restaurants, it's a cosy and trendy escape from the busy streets surrounding it.goo.gl/jrftmz the best way i can describe this place is that it's like a ny style deli with veggie food - paying by the weight. i really liked the huge selection of dishes - especially i like to try a little bit of everything. my favorite was the avocado tofu and the pumpkin quiche and everything was full of flavor. they have quite a good selection of desserts as well - the kheer was surprisingly good. it is a bit on the expensive side for essentially having buffet food but i noticed they regularly replace the items so it's not like it's been sitting around all day.this is a good option for groups - especially if you don't want the hassle of splitting the bill since each person pays for it at the till.	1	1	1	0	1
 what we ordered:nair dosa - this was amazingly delicious. i've never had something like it in the states and all i can say is "wow!" the crepe-like pancake is out of this world. good for sharing with 2-3 people. banana boli - love the texture of the batter and the flavor goes well with any savory starters. chicken samosa - surprisingly yummy samosa. one of the best i've ever had. kappayum meenum - tasty spicy fish dish. remember to order a side of their coconut rice to go along with it. you won't regret it. overall, rasa might not be the fanciest indian restaurant in london, but the food here is solid and tasty! i'd recommend making a reservation first since it gets packed quickly during dinner hours. rasa is a very very good restaurant. they serve south indian cuisine which was new to me. we came right when the place opened so things were pretty quiet. our waiter was incredibly friendly and was happy to help us with any questions. our friends recommended this place and told us we had to try the beet cheera pachadi and parantha. we also ordered the konju manga curry and seafood starter. it's definitely different from any indian place i've tried but i'm still coming out of my american shell and making sure to order things other than the chicken tikka masala ;) both curry dishes (i think they were both curry) had incredible flavours. sweet and subtle but nice hints of savoury from the shrimp. both were also very different. the beet option was the most unique and i really enjoyed it. i could have done without the starter but it was interesting to try the multiple items. the prantha though... holy crap that was amazing! it's like a flatter more sweet naan. we both gobbled it down. (i did just say gobbled.) we had to order two. had lunch at rasa a few days ago...here are my thoughts:ambiance is just okay. the restaurant could use a facelift - it sort of reminded me of the 80's. it was fairly busy for a monday afternoon.service is quite friendly and food came out quickly.food is also just okay.--nair dosa had excellent flavor but was so spicy that i couldn't taste the excellent flavor after just a few bites.--masala dosa was also tasty but deemed spicy by my mil who can definitely handle more spice than me.--husband had a chicken salaan dish, not sure which one, but he seemed to like it.--plain rice, paratha, and roti were all good.since i can't handle rasa's level of spice i doubt i'll return. there are far too many better indian restaurants in london to subject myself to another round of heartburn. it's wednesday midday, off to lunch with a friendwhere to go? where to go? on yelp, we depend!!yelp, yelp, on the wall...who has the fairest dosa of all...the first place to show with cuisine from keralais rasa... looks good! time for masala!for me, my fave from south indo, the rava dosacrispy, flavourful, unique, almost better than my beloved samosamy friend, a lover of indian cuisinewent for a fiery curry, what a spice queen!the food, the starters, the chutney all greatmy dosa was a bit greasy, but not a major debateas i believe one visit is too briefi will def be back, to try their meal on a leaf!! my cousins who adore south indian food found rasa while we on vacation in london. it was fantastic. we had a mango cocnut curry that was superb! also, the desert, pistacchio kulfi, was divine - so richly flavored. it was really special for us to have such a wonderful cultural food experience in london! not sure about the food other days but we specifically made reservations to go have the vishu sadhya. all i can remember was great food coming onto my banana leaf and immdly jumping into my tummy. we had amazing fresh food that was served and a great variety for the saadhya. it was on a weekend so the restaurant was pretty full ! the servers knew to explain each item (although only when asked) and it was the right amount of quantity. they could have gone a little generous with the servings , but with the number of items i get that it was wise of them to have done what they did. overall a-satisfied-meal experience. a bit pricey for what they offer, but defly worth it, for the occasion . most of my favourite indian restaurants are named rasa. not kidding, there are many rasas all over the world and i happen to like many of them. this is one of such. a cute, pink, multi-storied establishment, you won't miss it when you are near it. the interior is nice and cozy, with a sleepy atmosphere - perhaps a tad too sleepy as the waiters were more than a bit slow. the food was delicious though. the menu is more south indian, although you can definitely find tikka masala amongst the dishes. the curries were delicious and complex in flavour profile, while the breads (or starch) didn't disappoint. leave some room in your stomach and round it out with one of their desserts. it is certainly hard to compete with all the other great indian restaurants in this city, where even the flights serve curry onboard. rasa doesn't disappoint and can definitely stand its own. good south indian (kerala) cuisine and good ambience. definitely worth a visit and more. reasonably priced and good variety delicious meal. we arrived to find the restaurant relatively full but after asking very nicely they made room for us...which was fantastic!the service was a bit slow but once we got our food we truly enjoyed everything. delightful meal. i have been looking for authentic keralite food for years in the us and texas. finally found it here in london!  as real as it gets. i ordered the lamb boneless with a malabar parotha and the kingfish curry with rice. as amazing as it gets. loved every bite of it. can't wait to come back and try others on the menu! we arrived at this unassuming din spot in the early evening. it was jammin' already. we got seated upstairs, in eyesight of the two lil' elevators responsible for transporting food to the guests upstairs. nice. i ordered a glass of merlot, and was pleasantly surprised. i opted for the vegetarian feast tasting menu. ay. ay. ay. course #1: buncha' amazing chutneys served with crispy chips (mmmmmm ya, they were solid)course #2 potato, plantain, aubergine fritters served with a chutney for each (least fav was the plantain, the aubergine with tomato chutney was great)course #3 lil' bowls of greatness: mixed veggie curry, daal saag, mango yogurt (ah-may-zingggg) served with roti (paratha was a win), spiced potatoes course #4 rice pudding (had a taste, but didn't eat the rest. not their best work)service was a little slow, as they were slammed and basically only had one waiter upstairs. everyone was super nice tho. there was a bit of a lag between courses, but other than that, it was a great dining experience! i'd go back, no doubt. called on the same day and was able to get a table for 4 with no problems. the space is pretty small, so getting to your seat can be difficult. apparently the stoke newington rasa is vegetarian, but this one is not. i had the masala dosa, but it wasn't really that spicy. mediocre food, terrible service.we had a reservation for 7 p.m. and we were there right on time. we sat on the second floor (there's a weird spiral staircase to get up there) and placed our orders pretty quickly. i don't know if this is just standard for england, but rice isn't included with your dishes; you have to order it separately. we also asked for water. the waiter brought over sparkling water to pour in our glasses, but that's not what we wanted. i don't think you should assume people want sparkling water. we told him we wanted still, and he seemed really pissed and went back to the bar to get a bottle of still. i saw him putting down the glasses rather forcefully. our appetizer came quickly; we got the selection of various fried starters. i thought the frying was heavy and nothing seemed particularly inspired, though the eggplant (tempura-style) was probably the best. the dish also had plantains, a lentil donut-type thing and a potato ball. our entrees took forever, about 45 minutes. the table next to us came later and got their food faster--they didn't order appetizers, but i still don't think they should be all the way through their main course before we even see a main course show up. the waiters never took any time to explain what was going on and seemed to avoid eye contact with us when they walked by. the food, when it finally came, was just fine. it lacked any hint of heat-- we understood it wouldn't be indian-level spicy, but thought it would have something-- and came in pretty small portions. the best was probably the chicken biryani and the roti. everything else just seemed rather uninspired: the chicken tikka masala, the fish curry and the spinach and lentil vegetarian dish. it was also very hard to see how any of these dishes could take that long to make. they tacked on a 12.5% service charge at the end, which seemed high, given their attitude problems and our interminable wait. there are actually a few restaurants called rasa in london, but this one is pretty hard to miss. it's the bright pink building on dering street. if you're standing there, you're in the right place. we came here with a giant group of about 15 people for a night out and the service was top notch. walked in, they lead us up a set of winding stairs to a long rectangular table waiting for us. love when they're ready to go on a reservation for a big group. big points right there. it's south indian cuisine, which means you won't get the normal range of items that you might be used to (for instance, no naan bread but they had paratha, which was flat and soft bread which went amazingly well with the curries, and dosa, or paper-thin pancakes filled with meats and cheeses, which was a meal all on it's own.) we tried a ton of stuff and all of it was quality, so a good chance to experiment with something new.some stands outs were the chicken masala, was was hot and sweet with soft cubes of chicken and the green kozhy curry, mmmm. and the prices are crazy reasonable, about 8 for a main dish. nice. we were checked on often through the night and the food came quickly. a really nice spot for a really nice meal, especially with a large group. i had some friends visiting, and when americans come, indian is always a safe bet. even the okay stuff goes over well with them. my usual go-to has recently had a menu overhaul (not in a good way), so i thought about trying out rasa.we arrive. there's a ton of space which is nice, but not many people. of course, it is a tuesday night, so that may have something to do with it. but after careful consideration, we decide to go for the non-vegetarian feast (30 pp). and we order a bottle of red wine. which turned out to be really good.the non-veggie feast started with snacks (poppadoms, banana chips plus more delicious goodies) and six chutneys. it was like being back in south india again. and they were all really good. the coconut and the lemon chutneys were my favorite. this is followed by some starters. you can also tell them what starters you're interested in, and one of my friends wanted the samosa and my partner wanted the lamb puffs, so we made sure to get those both. there was also a fried prawn. and a couple of really nice sauces.but then the feast arrived! four different curries, two different rices, potatoes, paratha and chapati. wow! it filled up the table. and it was really good. the potatoes were spicy. my partner said the paratha was better than usual (i get them quite a bit because i love them, and he always tries them). the curries were great. my favorite being the lamb and the spicy chicken. the fish curry had nice flavor, but the fish was slightly over cooked.the meal ended with some rice pudding. i loved the flavor. i think if i had a choice, i'd probably get a different dessert as the banana dosas sounded great. speaking of dosas, the table next to us ordered them and they were huge. i'm definitely going to go back and try them.i loved my time at rasa. good food, good service and good company. i'll definitely be back and probably be bringing visitors who want some good south indian food. excellent all around experience at rasa. we had the veggie and non-veggie feasts (tasting menus) and all the selections were good or great with not a single misfire across a dozen dishes. quite impressive indeed but no single dish was epic like at roti chai or trishna so that's why it's just short of 5 stars. also, service while attentive and polite was not always in sync with the cadence of the meal (we had long waits between courses). decor is cozy and traditional, nothing too chic like the modern venues but holds it's own homestyle charm. highly recommended, and great value for the cost. ok so.. first things first:do you remember last time you went to an indian restaurant? ok take everything you remember from that experience and throw it away, as this is not the usual indian. it's kerala cuisine! much more similar to tamil/sri-lanka food than to rajasthan!you will understand the difference from the very beginning: more flavored, with bananas, coconut, lots of fresh cardamom, different types of curry.. take a minute and try to understand the different flavors you find in every bite: amazing uh!anyway, speaking more in particular about the place: it's pink, seriously pink. i call it (in italian at least!) "ancient pink", i'm not aware of any actual translation... anyway, the restaurant is developed on two floors and it's quite small: that means that it will be crowded and noisy, please don't bring your date here (as i saw today....)! bring your friends or your at-least-two-or-better-three-years-partner here and have fun!we took the non-vegetarian menu: a set of flat bread/dry bananas with sauces (awesome sauces!!), a starter composed by three pieces, lamb puff, chicken samosa and fried prawn (please don't ask me the exact names!), and an assortment of main dishes, chicken, lamb, fish, potatoes and rice (something like a biryiani), and a small dessert to close everything, the classical rice pudding (if i remember well it's called kheer...).damn! this food is good!! i mean, it's not simply good (maybe not for everybody.. it's hot! but well if you don't like spicy food why the hell you are in an indian restaurant!?!?) but it's interesting: as i said before, try to think about what you're eating at every bite, it's simply unbelievable! wonderful raw products and with a lot of experience in mixing them in a terrific result! thats why i'm suggesting the menu, so that you can actually taste the highest number of different plates in a single meal!just a bad side-note: they were a bit slow (but that's ok, it's saturday night!) and i hate to pay for white rice in indian restaurants usually rice is for free! but anyway totally recommended, come and discover a new state of india and its wonderful flavors!! ah- ma-zing! this was the best south indian food i have ever eaten. from the first bite (to the completely stuffed) last, i found myself humming and closing my eyes and saying "mmm," through the whole meal.the menu is a little daunting for me because there is so much text. i would have like to have taken it to the hotel to read a day before to understand all the great stories being told about the food, how the smells remind the author of one thing or the next from his childhood, etc. but i didn't have that luxury. it was 10pm on a sat, i was starved and yelp said they closed at 10:30p. (luckily, on sat- they don't stop seating till 11pm).i am traveling alone and unlike many prix fixe menus i have seen around town, this one was not a min of 2 ppl. so i ordered the "non veg" feast. here's what came with it:- part 1: pre-meal- a basket of cruchies of all sizes, including savory banana chips. all perfectly seasoned and delicious enough that i almost got full just snacking on those! also included was a small sampling of spicy pickles and a garlicy yogurt- part 2: appetizers - served with a small cucumber, carrot and lettuce bed, the apps were a lamb puff, chicken samosa (this was the best seasoned samosa i have ever had) and a fried prawn. the prawn was just at the right temp, not rubbery or overcooked. the lamb was mixed with potato and a little bit dry- but compared to everything else- a small textural note.- part 3: mains- there were three curries- chicken, lamb and fish- a large helping of lemon rice and a large pancake roti. the fish seemed hard at first, but did not taste dry at all. it tasted almost like it was compressed. not sure what fish it was, but it was wonderful. the lamb was a solid curry in a dark sauce. it was cooked perfectly. the best of the three was the chicken curry. this wasn't your average tikki masala, the seasoning was just spicy enough and went perfectly with the roti they included to mop up all the juices. before i could finish this part i was bordering on stuffed. i couldn't resist noshing on more of it, so i barely left any behind. then i was truly stuffed. and along came...part 4: dessert- this was a delicate tapioca rice porridge with hints of coconut, cardamon and little slices of cashews. unlike other tapioca that i have gotten to finish and indian meal, this one really knew how to hint at spices without overpowering it. cardamon is a difficult spice to work with if its not toasted properly and (preferably for me) strained out rather than included whole. they handled it perfectly.the service was spot on, i was visited several times, but not enough to feel intrusive. there was an entertaining party sitting nearby, so i heard some fun conversations. the only downside was the lack of wi-fi and spotty phone reception, or this review would have been posted while i ate.ps: i heard from the waiter that the cousin of the chef/ owner has a restaurant in culver city on venice blvd. he wrote down the info for me. now i have a place to check out when i get back to la! its bad. the dosa was oily and cold when it reached our table. the waiter gave excuses for that. heated the dosa only to make it worse. worst south indian food experience although the portions were pretty good for europe something was just missing!! we had couple of starters and they were quite good. esp. the lamb puffs. the meals were just ok 2 chicken, lamb and veggie dish. we asked one spicey and it real was as we like it. but they were just ok. the nan was very poor compared to what i am used to. very similar to the frozen ones we buy. price was very expensive for us. has to be the most expensive indian food i ever had. but then again everything seems expensive here in london. i thought canada was expensive!!!! everywhere else in europe seems very fair even paris. an absolute hidden gem in london. amidst the high end luxury stores on bond street sits this awesome southern indian restaurant serving amazing food at reasonable prices! i was flabbergasted.we ordered a bottle of wine 4-5 plates and our bill was 60. we started with the lamb puff, which was shockingly good. although this dish is typically a street food type of pastry, they way rasa prepared it was elegant while retaining the best features of the dish. superbly flavored lamb and a beautifully fluffy pastry texture. the kingfish curry was outstanding. deep tomato sauce, but very well balanced. kingfish was cooked perfectly and very fresh. we also ordered the tikkhali curry, a vegetarian dish, but an amazingly rich, and creamy sauce. the paratha went was soft with a beautiful texture and went perfectly with the curries. overall we had a tremendous dinner at rasa and will definitely be returning soon! tucked away from regent street, is a perfect little gem of a restaurant. this is the first time i have had indian food from the southern part of india, so a number of my go-to favorites could not be found on the menu. however, where ever there is lamb, you know i will follow. lol! i wound up getting the a lamb curry dish with sweet, buttery paratha bread that knocked my socks off. my hubby got the same, only with chicken and asked for his to be a bit spicier, which they happily obliged. the meal left nothing to be desired - perfect atmosphere, friendly service, and food that was above and beyond fabulous. we went here per a friend recommendation and i am so happy that we did. honestly, i haven't had indian food this good in years! this was a good, not great, local spot... they didn't have all the dishes that i normally like (like vindaloo, etc...) but think it is traditional of the area...  the food was not as spicy as i would have liked, but had a very nice meal.  the staff wasn't the most helpful when it came to recommendations or descriptions. especially difficult for someone who didn't see his usual favorites. really good service, nice and quick.amazing food, even though the lamb dish was super spicy.i recommend it as it was a really good experience. they do take away! it's a great thing to have such a good restaurant in such an expensive area, but to also have the offer of take away makes it amazing. although its a take away with a difference. one can only decide between three options: vegetarian, meat or big meat mealbox.i normally go for the vegetarian mealbox, which includes two sorts of spicy curry, rice, a mini bread, a side dish and some milk pudding for desert. it's a good sized meal for 4. it makes me happy. as the curry flavours don't change this is not something for every week, but for special "i need a treat." days. it was okay not great although it probably all depends on what you order. we shared the stodgy rasa platter of appetizers and then had a lamb and a chicken curry. not terrible but i'm not likely to return, with so many other options for indian around. excellent malyali food! fluffy, fresh appams, flaky malabar parotta and delicious, spicy curries. they actually bring out the appams one by one so you can eat them hot and fresh which i really appreciated. the dining room downstairs is cozy, so one loud person can really overwhelm the space, i recommend getting a table upstairs if possible. we ended up here because masala zone was booked for reservations. we tried the paratha, chicken biryani, and the chicken curry. it's descent indian food, but nothing special. good service. good find. used to north indian food so much of it was different from things we've tried but really enjoyed the paratha bread, and coconut curry chicken and coconut rice. things were fresh and service was efficient. cute atmosphere and decent prices. rasa was a good solid indian meal with a friendly, attentive staff. they have a nice menu with some slightly different indian dishes. they have some of the usual dishes and some standbys are missing too. i asked about one of my favorite dishes that they didn't have (vindaloo) and the waiter suggested a dish they could prepare hot that i would probably enjoy. he made a great suggestion and i really enjoyed the dish. we tried both the tomato rice and coconut rice and they were both good. unlike most coconut rice that has coconut milk, this has some shredded coconut added which adds some great flavor and texture. all this and the prices were very reasonable. rasa was a good find and i'd gladly go back next time i'm in town.	1	0	1	0	0
 good food, fast service. there are many thai options on upper street, and isarn has taken the lead. our friends often order delivery from isarn and have enjoyed the food, so we decided to eat in. we were seated straight away, which is rare on a saturday night. we were politely greeted and asked where we would prefer to sit. the food came out quickly. everyone enjoyed their meals- chicken green curry (spicy) and tofu pad thai. there menu is quite extensive. i was also pleasantly surprised by their attentiveness, as the waitress refilled our waters when our glasses were almost empty. definitely recommend for either eating in or take away/delivery. apparently, london's entire dining scene shuts down by 10 pm...this was news to me as a visiting foreigner. after hunting for a bite to eat for over 40 minutes, we stumbled upon this contemporary thai gem and it turned out to be one of our best meals in the uk. the shotgun-style restaurant is long and narrow with dark wooden paneling and minimalist design. the service was warm, friendly, and prompt. the real show-stopper, however, was the food:char-grilled pork with chili, garlic, and lime - the best dish we ordered. simultaneously tangy, spicy, and remarkably tender, the meat just overwhelms your taste buds (in a good way).chicken stir fry with cashews - the chicken was well-seasoned and the variety of textures in the dish balanced nicely. nonetheless, this was probably the most forgettable dish of the lot.crispy duck served with pancakes - pancakes is somewhat of a misnomer; they were actually thin, stretchy tortillas. with a thick, crispy exterior and soft center, the large slices of duck were incredible.salt and pepper squid - simple yet delicious, with a spicy-savory kick.monkfish green curry - a hot, fragrant curry with strong notes of ginger and basil. the chewy eggplant and soft fish really absorb the bountiful flavors of the dish.with some phenomenal dishes and zero weak ones, isarn is absolutely worth checking out whether your a local or outsider. did i mention it's open til midnight? cheap and cheerful meal! food was fresh and tasty. nice outdoor area as well which is an added bonus come alfresco summer dining time! went for lunch with my partner and a coworker. my coworker and i got the roasted duck red curry lunch box and my partner got the pad thai. after not having great experiences with asian food in islington, i was pleasantly surprised by isarn! the food was very well priced yet we got great food.. my coworker and i really enjoyed the roasted duck red curry. the place was a little empty for a friday afternoon but it could've potentially been due to the distance north it was on upper st away from the businesses or the construction that was going on in their backyard patio area. either way, this is a gem of a place with very friendly servers and great food at a reasonable price. don't know what it's like for dinner but i would greatly recommend it for lunch! i used to come here almost weekly when we lived closer. we've been away from upper street for a few years now and isarn randomly popped into my head so off we went.i was pleased to find it still in the same spot and identical to last time we ventured in. a fairly classic order of pad thai and salt and pepper squid for me, and the other half had a craving for veg so got a spinach and pumpkin dish and a tofu with yellow bean sauce. the food was just as good as it was the last time we went. everything just absolutely delicious and it all came out nice and fast.the service is a bit hit and miss and we found it hard to get anyone's attention even though where we were sitting at the back there was only 3 tables occupied.something else i found odd was that the waitress asked us if we wanted her to take away our glasses which had been sat empty for half an hour. i'd have ordered another drink if i'd been asked but just drank tap water through the meal instead. upsell dudes, you almost got 2 lime juice sodas out of me!oh yeah and something else i can recommend enough is their chocolate and raspberry pudding with vanilla ice cream. absolutely the most perfect dessert and well worth the 15 minute wait. i'd come back again just for this.thanks isarn! i gotta give it to isarn for making pretty damn good thai food. the atmosphere is lovely and although the food is catered more towards non-asians, that's alright. i came here last night around 8:30pm and only about half the restaurant was filled up. after breezing through the menu, i decided on getting myself the papaya salad with satay chicken and the pad thai for my main. first up to bat were appetizing prawn crackers and my friend and i nibbled on these until our starters came. he got the 1/4 crispy duck while i had my papaya salad. crispy duck was good, but not really one of my favorite things. the papaya salad was unlike any i've ever had before. the chunks of papaya were thick cut and the sauce it was in was thicker than what i was used to. i've also never had it with chicken before, it's usually crab or no meat at all. although it wasn't the traditional type i'm used to, it had great flavor and a nice spicy kick to it. i actually really enjoyed it and as i'm typing this review up right now, my mouth is watering for it. i guess that's saying something.for my main, i got the beloved pad thai. so, i like to say that you can judge a restaurant based on the quality of its pad thai. it's a very popular dish and if a restaurant can't get this right, they've got themselves a problem. isarn happened to make a fantastic pad thai. it was the right flavor and consistency and i may even go as far to say that it's the best i've had in london. isarn has passed the pad thai test.my friend got the cashew chicken with egg fried rice which was actually very good as well. i'm glad i found a new place to get my thai food fix here in london. it may not be entirely traditional, but the twist they add to traditional dishes is done well. unfortunately we didn't discover this place until the end of our trip, so we didnt have the chance to try all the dishes on the menu we wanted to. the pad thai was perfect, the mango sticky rice abundant and delicious. the betel leaves with duck and pomelo drowned a bit in the amount of coconut, but was otherwise a great starter. it was a bit disruptive having them come by and refill our water glasses all the time instead of just leaving a jug on the table. a group of us were looking for dinner in the area and i promptly yelp app-ed our way to this place, starry-eyed at all the positive reviews. sadly the service was a real let down - whether it was a particularly busy friday eve i'm not sure, but it took a while to even get menus let alone have our order taken. 45mins later, stomachs growling, we considered walking out but were assured our food was 'on its way'. if that was true then the kitchen must have been a mile up the road by the time our food arrived!by then i could have eaten the decorative banana leaves i was so hungry, but to their credit the food was tasty and flavourful, and it's reasonably priced too. i really liked the look of the place and all the deep purples in the colour scheme - though the long narrow shape of the room is a little impractical so check for incoming traffic before deciding to pop to the loo.maybe we were just unlucky, but the staff seemed fairly uncaring at our long wait so sadly i wasn't left feeling the warm and fuzzies for this place. absolutely fantastic food and service!this thai restaurant is easy to miss amongst all the quaint boutiques and restaurants lining upper street. but passing by would be a mistake! the store front is unassuming but the inside is quite spacious and nicely decorated. i consider the prices to be bargin considering the quality of the food and the environment. i ordered the set lunch (vegetable green curry) for 6.95 and the pad thai (with prawn and chives) for 9. both dishes were flavorful- the curry had the right amount of spice and the pad thai struck the right balance between salty, sour, and sweet notes.in truth, the food and decor warrant a solid 4-star review. however, the excellent service earned isarn another star. there was an issue with my order due to miscommunications (as least partially my fault) where i was charged for 2 sets of the same dishes for both dine-in and take out. once i spoke with the manager/ owner, this issue was quickly resolved. tip-for my fellow americans, the brits do takeout (or take-away) a little differently, so always ask, don't assume! sooo good! we went for a saturday afternoon lunch and took in the lunch special. the food was delicious and a great deal. it even came with a slice of watermelon :) i have nothing bad to say about isarn. the atmosphere was great -- nice enough to feel like you're out for a nice meal, but comfortable as well. the staff were even friendly. i don't know why i haven't been back yet. this place is great! the set lunch is a fantastic meal, and a great bargain. the veggie green curry was the highlight, it had great depth, and the spices were fresh like they'd been assembled that day. we got the calamari starter too, which was also excellent. the shrimp pad thai was very good, but not quite as good as the other two dishes, it was a little too sweet. short story: prawn red curry with extra heat, do it. gorgeous presentation, thick sauce mmmmm, the prawns don't look like they're enough but it's actually quite filling (with an order of rice).long story: going to try and avoid making this sound like eat pray love, but my friend and i walked into isarn absolutely a stressed hot messes and i, at least, walked out a new woman. great service all through the restaurant - took their recommendations on the prawn curry and my friend who had something with aubergine (i think) also really enjoyed her meal. we went at night when it was dark out so there was perfect mood lighting - i would come back for a date night, for sure. this is the second time i go to that restaurant. first time was great, the thai food was for real. but yesterday, they seemed to have replaced everybody , and worst of it , the cook who clearly was not thai. we had ginger duck and chilly beef stir fried, it did not taste thai at all. i did n feel all the spices and sweet sour taste i am expecting when i eat thai. the duck was supposed to be cooked with ginger, and they put the marinated ginger you can find in a sushi restaurant ( what a shame!)the cooking seemed to be rather low level chinese ( same thick oyster based sauce ).a huge desapointment, as i clearly enjoyed that place the first time i ve been there.i put 2 stars for the service that was not so bad happy to have found this place open during the long 4 day weekend. we got in half an hour before the lunch special was over which is usually between 12-3pm. at this time they serve set lunch almost like the japanese bento box. in my box, i had vegetable curry which came with 2 little apring rolls, jasmine rice and big chunk of watermelon. my husband on the other hand had the spicy quid, thom yom soup with mushroom, jasmine rice and the chunky sliced watermelon. i must say that both our dishes were spicy but delicious. the portioning was also generous for a mere 6.90 a set. my husband also had the blended watermelon juice, which he described as nice and refreshing to finish off the meal.as for the decor, this place is clean and modernly embellished. ohhh the thai/zen music on the background lulls you through your meal. hands off to this place for the impeccable service from entry to exit. just smiles all the way from all the staff. great place for sure. i cant wait to go back for more. a more upmarket thai restaurant on upper st.long narrow interior that has been well designed with attractive low key lighting and cool decor. in the summer there is a small garden space at the back that opens up.staff are very friendly impeccably presented and attentive. a smoothly running operation.on several trips, food has been good but some dishes more successful than others. a slight absence of fresh herbs to balance the flavours perhaps.the presentation is perfect however and pricing not too bad.so 4 stars for excellent atmosphere and service and good food. great service, nice romantic atmosphere. i didn't get to try some of the dishes i wanted to, but what i had was more chinese than thai. that said, it was nice and i'd go there again. this is one of my favourite restaurants in london. the service is excellent. you will instantly be greeted by all their staff as you enter the place. whether you like your meat or are vegetarian, you will find something to suit your tastes in the menu. we chose a selection of starters including the traditional chicken satay and nems with papayas. it was all delicious ! the mains didn't disappoint either with a tasty seabass and a veggie pad thai. if you are wandering around angel and are looking for a nice thai restaurant in the area, i would strongly recommend this place. we ordered takeaway, so i can't speak to the restaurant atmosphere. the staff was very pleasant over the phone though. we requested the curry to be spicy, and they definitely delivered on this front. unfortunately, the papaya salad was disappointing. the very unripe papaya was immersed in more of a soup of dressing rather than being lightly dressed. this made it very salty and spicy, and impossible to finish. feeling disappointed and still searching for great thai in london. isarn has some of the best thai food i've ever had -- fresh, healthy, and never overcooked. i especially love their peanut-laden pad thai. the atmosphere, both inside and in the outdoor courtyard (when the weather's nice), is comfortable and quiet, and the staff is very friendly. i haven't had a problem with slow service, as a couple of the reviews have mentioned, and really have no complaints at all. in fact, my wife and i moved from islington to san francisco a few years ago and still reminisce about one of isarn's most remarkable features, the delectable item that is alone worth coming for: the warm raspberry and chocolate pudding with vanilla ice cream. it is ecstasy in dessert form. when you go to isarn, do not miss this. we're moving back to london this summer, and isarn will be the first stop on our list. this is an excellent thai restaurant with thai hospitality. it is amazing how they deal with this space...it is basically a one-lane bowling alley, so once you get into your table if you are the unfortnate one on the inside there is no moving for you. and if you sit on the outside, please keep your chair in so others can pass by!but on to the important stuff--the food. delicious. we had a coconut and prawn steamed dumpling (although the sauce was a bit salty) and a salt and pepper squid salad. my only complaint is that there was no salad with the squid. had a nice duck curry and a delcious eggplant and chicken stir fry. dessert--a chocoate mousse with orange compote. really tasty stuff! wish they delivered. this is one of my favourite thai restaurants in london. i love coming here in the summer, especially in the outdoor area they have in the back (which covers up like wimbledon when it starts to rain :), you gotta love london). staff are super-uber friendly, with genuine smiles, and a desire to please. the food is very good, although some dishes are hit and miss. i always recommend the crispy duck in betel leaf, but lately, it's been coming over loaded with shredded coconut, so it gets in the way of the tasty goodness that's supposed to be inside. otherwise, the monk fish green curry is amaze balls, and that green curry sauce is addictive, i tend to finish it off my simply drinking it straight from the bowl. i know, i should watch my manners, but what the hell.the chicken satay is ok, nothing to write home about, but it's good, don't get me wrong... i just think it's a hard dish to mess up, and this one doesn't distinguish itself from others i've had.i do love the chicken green papaya salad... my wife thinks that they might be a bit too liberal using fish sauce in the dressing, but i love my green papaya salads hot, spicy, and pungent. so should you.the surprise dish here is the char-grilled pork with chilli, garlic and lime. this is a delectable dish, and will have you lick your plate, and fight for the last remaining piece. perfectly grilled, super tasty, spicy, and highly addictive.the baked seabass in thai herb is served wrapped in a banana leaf... and is so tender, flavourful, and aromatic that you're nostrils will be flaring with orgasmic pleasure :) highly recommended dish.i'd avoid the sea bream... it sounds nice on the menu "sea bream with kaffir lime leaf and red curry", but the fish is too salty for my taste. i think it's a personal thing, so don't take my word for it... it all depends on how you roll with fish...wine-wise... i highly recommend the 24 cote de provence, marries well with most of the food, and is refreshing enough to cool you down on a hot summer night with hot thai food.one of my favourite places on upper st. i take everyone i know here. and so should you. after being seated, it took them ten minutes to give me water. i had to literally wave down a server to get served a beverage to quench my thirst after having walked a couple miles from my hotel. i ordered quite a few dishes: garlic prawns for app, and pineapple fried rice and a noodle dish (something like pad kee mao - i uploaded pictures). the fried rice tasted old (like they made it two days ago) and the noodle dish was bland (and portion too small). the only good thing was probably the garlic fried prawns. i've certainly experienced better, but perhaps that's because i live in la next to thai town. when i come back to london next month, i won't be considering isarn. btw, the service remained terrible for the remainder of the dinner service. what a delight. only found this place through other yelper's recommendations and am rather happy to confirm it's just as lovely, tasty, friendly and swanky as the others say it is.long, thin and dark with some funky dcor (cowprint anyone?), they've made the best use of this tiny space. a cool nyc style open garden in the back for a few more tables too. they do squeeze you in here and you might feel like you're sharing a table with your neighbours, but that's ok.you'd expect the prices to reflect the super polite, obedient welcome and the swanky surrounds, but you'll be pleasantly surprised when you open the menu. probably the best massaman curry i've ever had and if you don't order the salt and pepper squid you're doing yourself a disservice.perfect for a date. go on, impress someone. i loved this place as soon as i stepped through the door. the owners have made the best of a relatively narrow space, and the lighting and decor was comfortable and sharp.the lady friend and i tried the green chicken curry and the roasted duck red curry. both were exceptional, but my favorite was definitely the duck. the green chicken curry was fairly spicy, and that was after we asked them to turn down the heat a bit. i think it would have been too much in its original configuration. the pineapple fried rice we shared provided a nice, tasty base for the curries.the service was terrific, including a few bows on our way out from the always-smiling man who seemed to serve as the matre d'. a fantastic experience all around. a great trendy thai restaurant on upper street in islington. only ordered for take-a-way but was impressed with the space when i arrived to pick up my order. will need to eat there next time.food prices were reasonable and the quality was high. i do recommend the crispy duck and palemo, it's like miniature thai duck tacos or lettuce wraps but with betel leaves instead of lettuce. the beef and holy basil was also great, well spiced but not too spicy. the beef was fully cooked, but still tender and not at all chewy. lot's of hidden chilies so be forewarned! i suggest getting the coconut sticky rice as a side. for take-away everything was packaged in nice plastic containers and was ready in less than 15 minutes. isarn might very well become my go-to place for thai in islington. if you like good thai food, you have to try here! i always have a lovely dinner and fab time! excellent value! great atmosphere! lovely waitress & waiter! dessert green tea ice cream & chocolate mousse with orange,( if you have sweet tooth like mine)you just have to try them! thanks to yelp i found this great little thai restaurant on upper street smashed in between many other restaurants. when you walk into isarn you are immediately welcomed by one of several smiling faces. it is a very narrow space, and they have done a very good job of decorating and lighting it to make it feel welcome and warm, without experiencing claustrophobia. you definitely are sitting very close to your neighbors though when you eat here. however, it also makes it easy for them to accommodate big groups as they only need to move the tables an inch to put them together. the service is so attentive that i never ran out of water, and they ask you upfront when you order if you have any food allergies. which actually is a first. i have never been asked by a waiter before if i have food allergies of any kind. they asked everyone that. i really appreciated that, being someone who used to have food allergies and feel silly having to indicate this to waiters and feel like a nuisance. i placed my order, and instantly these crispy yummy chips of some type (not sure exactly what the flavor was) was placed on my table to enjoy prior to my meal coming out. this was standard and no additional cost to anyone ordering. they were very good, and i couldn't stop chomping on them until they were gone. i ordered the chicken eggplant stir fry with brown jasmin rice. the food was incredible, but wow, the brown rice was amazing! i know it sounds crazy, but i have never had brown rice like that. i order brown rice because it is healthier for you, but it has never tasted better than the white jasmine rice. i always feel like i am having to order the second best rice. however, here the brown rice is incredible. i wish i knew what type of rice it was and how they cooked it. i would buy a bag of it and take it home! also, i had a glass of kishu which was a plum wine that i have never seen before, and the waiter highly suggested. it was very good and served chilled over ice. i would definitely go back here again. as you are sitting so close to your neighbors you can't help but overhear other conversations. there were several people who knew the menu backwards and forwards and mentioned that they came several times a week. this is definitely a regular spot for locals. if i lived nearby, it would definitely be a place i would be visiting often. looking for a place to bring sexy back? isarn is your upper street answer.first off, the space is b-e-a-utiful. small, dark, sultry, and perfect for a date, isarn is a dangerous blend of contemporary and traditional that would make it easy to fall in love with a cereal box if it were sitting across from you. (granted i may have paid more attention to the tiny detailed butterfly hanging tea lights than i did my date.)while i wouldn't jump on a soap box proclaiming it the "best" thai food in london - i will definitely put up a solid argument that it is some of the freshest and healthiest, which is far more commendable in my book. but will warn that the small prices accurately reflect the small portions, so don't come with your full thai-patite, or you may be disappointed. this ain't yo mama's thai food... but it will forever be one of my top choices in london. fabulous food, friendly staff and beautiful atmosphere. happy to discover this one... thai food is usually delicious and cheap. i like it this way. isarn offers a great lunch menu (about 7pds for a "bento" box of app, curry, rice and fruit) and it truly a thai place whose interior is styled more upscale so you feel like you are spending a lot of money dining out, without having to!i'd agree with laura n, not going to say it's the best thai in london but it is yummy and with the combination of affordability and city chic design, it gets a thumbs up in my book and has become a new go to destination whenever i find my soles in islington.	0	0	1	0	1
 i was a solo diner here, and they were welcoming as well as efficient. the first night i tried the butter chicken, while mild, still flavorful and the entire meal was very filling. the second visit, i had the chicken tikka masala. again mild yet flavorful. i appreciated the prompt service, their recognition that i was a repeat diner, and the consistent quality of the food. do try the selection of chutneys, very well executed and enhancing i came here on a friday evening as a solo traveler because there weren't many options in the neighborhood. i was more than pleasantly surprised. the set menu is an excellent option for those who have an appetite and contained more food than i could eat, and i'm an american. living in nyc i've been to many a good indian restaurant and even so, the quality of the food here impressed me. service was excellent with the whole team taking care of you. i would return in a heartbeat. returning to london from several days in germany, i wanted to get my indian fix in. noorjahan ii offers up familiar dishes (sizzling tandoori plates, chicken tikka masala, a nice selection of chicken, lamb, and veggie curries) prepared with care.while vindaloo (and phal) were tempting, i went with something milder: rogan josh with a side of peshawari naan and a bottle of cobra (a smooth indian lager).that rogan josh was among the best i'd ever had: the lamb was fork tender, bathed in a richly spiced tomato curry. the naan, topped with toasted sesame seeds and filled with nuts and raisins, sopped up lingering curry.the waitstaff can be persistent in trying to upsell you, but it's a great meal in the end my first meal in london. after getting off an 11 hour flight and taking the heathrow express to our hotel near paddington station, we were looking for a quick bite nearby before going to sleep. my bf and i had originally intended to check out a pub that was across the street, but it was packed and we were too hungry and tired to wait around. the restaurant was probably more than half empty so a lot of the staff was just standing around. we ordered 2 cobra beers to start off the meal. wow.. the beer was so smooth. the bottle had the words "impossibly smooth" written on it so i guess i shouldn't be surprised.. but i still was. it was the smoothest beer i've ever had and it might be one of my favorite brands of beer ever now. i ordered the chicken tikka masala with garlic naan and basmati rice, and my bf ordered a lamb dish (i forgot the name lol). the staff was nice enough to split up the rice onto two plates for us and also plated our food on top of the rice. the rice was amazing.. buttery and delicious. the sauce for my chicken tikka masala was bombbbbb and the chunks of chicken were cooked well. i only had one bite of my bfs lamb dish since i'm not a fan of lamb, but i remember it being good as well. i was very impressed with my meal, especially since we were not planning to come here. this is a very solid place to go near paddington station if you are craving indian food! food: definitely a ten! so flavorful and amazing. i would definitely get take away from here next time. they lost a star because their service was slow, curt, and unfriendly. i mean, when you start asking your spouse, "did they forget about us? is this because we're americans?" also, 3.50 for bottled water? i think that's crazy, but maybe it's that expensive everywhere...? next time, we'll just get take away to avoid the service and the expensive bottled water. i came here with some co-workers and tried the lamb pual. beware it is super spicy not like what you would get in the states. sadly it was also very bitter. overall the meal wasn't too enjoyable, but next time i should try something else. the food was pretty oily. the starters (sag tikki, samosa) were full of oil. the paneer makhani was sweet despite asking for no sugar and a spicy curry. do not try brinjal curry if you happen to visit the place (its oily and tasteless).the only good thing was dal tarka.the staff was not courteous and was focused only on couple of tables (probably their frequent customers). overall, not so great a experience. great food! we walked past and thought we'd give it a try being very hungry. we were lucky - the food was awesome. i had the butter chicken and it was perfectly flavoured and the garlic nan smashing. you can order extra vegetables but i did not. maybe i should have? it was hard to figure out what the waiter meant about it due to his poor english. the place was packed, a good sign. it was not the nicest decor on the walls or very posh but the food was rather cheap - 50 for two meals and drinks. would go back! phenomenal indian food. every dish is great. can be a bit pricey but the food quality is amazing. the naan is perfect and the meat is juicy, tender, and incredibly flavorful. great spot overall. really good food. adequate service. pretty decent value. friendly ambiance. certainly a place i would recommend to my friends. ordered the spicy chicken tikka masala, a korma dish, garlic naan and cobra beer. came in with high hopes, but both dishes were pretty bad. the dishes were sickeningly sweet. service was pretty bad despite their attempt to be "high class" (napkin over your lap, serving food into your plate, and taking forever to get their attention). if you're craving indian food around the area check other places as this place is not only over priced, but not authentic. wow. best chicken tikka masala and vindaloo i've had. ever.here's before and after picture of our meal:instagram.com/p/bhxzm9zg good food but before you order they act like you are gonna steal the spoons or something. decent food, but the tikka masala let it down by being way too sweet! i am not talking a little sweet, this was very sweet. i have never had a tikka masala with so much sugar. it was a shame as the other things weren't bad. very good, tasty and plentiful indian food. we ate the chicken tikka masala, okra, and garlic naan. compared with other restaurants in london, this is a very good place. relatively quiet and nice place to eat - definitely recommend perhaps the best indian meal ever. had the combo for starters and the spicy chicken tikka masala for main. both were excellent! service is good. atmosphere is quiet and authentic. there are so many good indian restaurants in london, and while noorjahan isn't the fanciest, it's definitely one of the tastiest.service: friendly and fast. ambiance: not a large place, and we were the only ones enjoying lunch the day before nye. super clean, even the bathrooms, which is a difficult thing to find in an indian restaurant.food: everything was delicious.-- samosas: my 9-year-old ate 2 of these and couldn't stop saying how much she liked them. i didn't get to try them (she doesn't share well).-- spinach kabob: not sure exactly what this appetizer was called, it was mix between a pakora and a kabob, made of spinach and fried. so unhealthy but so good.-- chicken tikka - my husband said it was excellent (i don't eat chicken).-- tarka dal - excellent.-- dried mixed vegetable - not greasy and quite tasty.-- plain rice - it was rice, what can i say?-- naan / tandoor roti / aloo paratha - we went a bit crazy on the carbs but they were all quite good. definitely recommend all of these.bottom line: we'll definitely return if we're in the area. noorjahan was a hit! in brief: superb food, very attentive, friendly staff, nice atmosphere! if you like indian cuisine and can not decide where to go, stop looking, and visit this place! don't let the pictures of the dishes disguise you - it pretty much looks like your average curry or tandoori you can get anywhere else, but the quality makes all the difference! the lamb chops, the chicken and the kebab of the mixed starter are juicy and delicious, the naan bread is of unmatched quality and the rice smells wonderful. the curries are just like they should be - full of flavor, and spicy. this was definitely not my last visit, as there a lot more things to discover on the menu, which are impossible to cover in just one go!a clear and very well deserved five stars rating. got take away and ordered the non spicy chicken tikka masala with rice and garlic nan. it was so good!! the chicken is juicy and soft and they are generous with portions! will be 2 meals for me. the sauce was not spicy as i requested and had so much flavor. highly recommend. the garlic nan was not as crispy but it's probably because it was take away. an upscale place when i walked in, but good for families , friends or solo diners. excellent food. very tasty. waiter was a bit pushy to order more food but i'm glad we didn't as we were stuffed. there were lots of waiters that were attentive and friendly. i love this place. try to stop in whenever i'm in the uk. fantastic set menu for one, which is a real treat for solo business travelers. just a little over 4 blocks from paddington station (in the same se direction as incoming trains, down london street) is a little gem of an indian restaurant. during my recent week in london i returned there several times and was able to sample a number of dishes. all were delightful. the little corner restaurant is cozy inside with a very competent wait staff. but it is the food that drew me back. everything i sampled was delicious.their nan, which has been mentioned in prior reviews, could be the best i have ever tasted. a lamb appetizer folded into a puri 'pancake' could have been a meal in itself. it was a winner. among the entre dishes, i especially liked the chicken tikka, the lamb curry and their signature chicken dish. the curries come in three grades of heat. i ordered the 'madras' which was described as 'hot', but i detected little if any heat. next time i would go with the 'vindaloo' which is the next step up and described as 'very hot'. their butter chicken was quite flavorful but had a subtle sweetness that i had a mixed reaction to. at between 9-13 a dish, the food quality surpasses many of its more expensive london competitors. had the butter chicken and naan. it's good and tasty overall and on par with other places around. the decor and atmosphere of this place is overall good with decent service. they want to be a high end indian place and the price reflects that. classy and delicious indian food - servers are friendly and are constantly waiting on you. worth a visit. we had the chicken tikka massala, and it was fantastic. as was the nan bread and rice. really fantastic food. traveling solo in london for a week. i was getting tired of the sandwiches and sushi go rounds that make dining alone easier. the restaurant filled up after i got there, with what seemed like people that lived in the neighborhood. there were several other solo diners there, from their conversations with the staff, they dined there frequently.i had the garlic naan, one of the lamb dishes, and a simple rice. it was all so very delicious. i probably ate more that i should, it was just so good.i was very impressed with the service, someone was always checking on me, making sure my water glass was filled, and if i needed anything. i found the prices to be quite reasonable as well. i really enjoyed the food here, and would return if i am in the same neighborhood again. we had a funny and tasty dinner here. service was good and we got some dishes on the house. would recommend the vegetable samosa (very crispy) and the rogan josh, but the best was the seasoned chicken tikka which comes sizzling to your table. we had three mains a bowl of rice and a garlic naan for the main course which was more then enough. and of course, cobra beer:-). we had an excellent lunch at noorjanan this past week. my friend ordered the spicy chicken tikka masala, while i had the non-spicy version. we also shared some plain and garlic naan, as well as the saffron pilau rice. it was absolutely delicious.thanks to the other yelp reviews for leading us to a great lunch! food was very good. the waiter was snotty - - maybe because a member of our party ordered tap water?? the ambiance was nice and quiet. more of an upscale indian restaurant. bottle water was 3.5 pounds so you might as well spring for the giant cobra beer. the garlic naan was perfect! went great with the saag gosth (a combination of lamb cooked with fresh spinach, coriander and other fragrant herbs) and chicken tikka masala. the vegetable samosa was definitely good, but definitely over-priced...definitely a nice dinner but over-priced for indian food.	1	0	1	0	1
 ah-ma-zing. so much that we ate here thrice in 3 days!we arrived to london - 3 hungry hippos who just got off the train from brussels - and were desperate for food. we quickly yelped the area in which we were staying in and saw that this place received pretty good ratings. we quickly left the door (not giving 2 rats about our appearance) and quickly bolted across the street. the restaurant was a lot more glam than we thought (we were picturing a casual thai resto) but were greeted with fine white table cloths in an elegant setting. since we were going to have dinner a couple hours later and only needed something quick to settle our stomachs, we only order a pad thai and a thai beef salad. the food was quickly prepared (it was dead given that it was about 3-4pm on a weekday, i think) and needless to say, it was scarfed down in seconds. the pad thai oozed with authentic-ness- flavours (no ketchup!) and was perfectly prepared. we went back the day after (and the day after that prior to departing home) and had 2 more meals here. everything was so friggen tasty - definitely one of the best thai meals we've ever had. even the lemongrass tea that my sister ordered was incredible - oozing with and infused with a pure, aromatic, strong lemongrass flavour (we were told the tea was imported from thailand). you bet we'll be back next time we're in london! only downside: the portions are tinier than usual.p.s their coconut rice is to-die-for!! excellent food. you can't go wrong. we had panang curry and seabass. the food was great. what can i say, you should come and check it out.we didn't have the satay, but we did have the roasted duck rolls. they were not as good as i hoped. however, all the other dishes were excellent! service also was great!come check it out. you will not be disappointed... quite possibly the best meals, yes meals during my stay in london. i enjoyed it so much i made a second visit the very next day. service was exceptional even though they were packed full of guesses. the food was delicious. a nice change of taste after days of very bland foods. kudos to the chefs! we were there last night for dinner and had wonderful thai food. highly recommend. enjoy! nice place to grab dinner. lacks decor but makes up for it with classic thai dishes. good for tourists looking for somewhere near their hotels. green curry was good. so was the thai tea. i made a reservation but it didn't seem busy. i visited this place while in london on business. it was saturday at lunch. the food was fantastic. when they say it's spicy, it really is spicy unlike other restaurants with "spicy" foods that really aren't.it's clean and nicely decorated. i had a great dining experience. i stayed nearby at the marriott and ate here daily. dinner was crowded but service was attentive and polite. lunch was quiet with quick service. always with a smile. the food is fresh, delicious, and portions are relatively generous. the dim sum starter is great. there are four shiu mai dumplings with roasted garlic on top. the spring rolls were just ok. the tom young soup was good but expensive for a small portion. the mains consisted of the soft shell curry crab. a must try!!!! the steamed sea bass was perfect. light and fresh with hints of lemongrass and citrus. i would come back in a minute. excellent food here. rivals the thai food in hawaiireally , really good. great service and excellent presentation. tasty and definitely satisfies the thai-craving but not really a destination. nice place packed on a saturday evening. they have additional seating downstairs but didn't get a chance to see it. service was quick as was delivery of the food. hostess and waitresses were quick to seat and serve. good casual dining experience. had the green curry with brown rice. only minus is that i needed to pay for the rice, isn't that usually included when you order thai dishes? cosy place, but since i was in a hurry the take away option was not a problem. quick delivering, perfect spiced. thank you :) delicious thai food. probably the best pad thai and pad see ew with tofu i've had. perfect tempura vegetables. cozy place with friendly staff. great location. my wife and i traveled to london for a week from new york and had our dinner here.we ordered the yellow curry, pad see ew as main course and fish cake, dumpling as appetizer.the space is ok, clean and seats are comfort but just little too tight. foods are ok, i say it's little above average because we tried so many good thai restaurants in new york and in thailand. not too impressive about the taste.the service is average as well , the lady who served us just did her job.overall, this restaurant provided what we expected. we were staying at a hotel on cromwell road.with the help of yelp, we found this small eatery.service was friendly and efficient. it seems to be a popular place for locals and tourists alike.food was a-ok. maybe we should have ordered the "popular" dishes?no warm and fuzzies on this first visit...maybe the next visit?uhm, i don't think i will be in their neck of the woods for a long while.seeing that london is a very far commute from la. checked this place out on a evening i wanted to have a quick dinner. in that regard it was living up to its expectations. i ordered within 5 minutes and was served the first dish in max 15, finished of in 35min.the interior is young a d bright, with jazzy music in the background creating a nice atmosphere. staff are friendly, but that's it.the presentation of the food doesn't live up to the vibe in the restaurant. it's old fashioned and clich asian with lots of salad and the odd carrots shaped in flowers...the grilled squid was bland, but the dressing was excellent. the beef salads sauce was as spicy as promised but the meat was dry and chewy.the main weeping tiger, a beef dish with tamarind sauce, was with ok meat, however it came with vegetables that were so tasteless that i start wondering whether they were for decoration as well. the sauce was of the right sweetness. overall a soso experience. the yellow curry with coconut milk is the best curry i have ever had! everything was delicious and warm. the mango with sweet sticky rice was phenomenal. i will recommend this to anyone i know coming to london! one of the best meals i've had in london to date. i found this place on yelp, and as we needed a restaurant near our hotel we decided to try it out. i'm very glad we did.my partner and i enjoyed a tasty 'crispy pork-filled wonton' appetizer, which wasn't quite like anything we've had before.mains consisted of pad kee mao (similar to chicken pad thai) and sizzling beef. both were beautifully presented, delicious and satisfying.if you're contemplating a visit to thai taste i can say that the food is delicious, ambience trendy and relaxing, and staff friendly. if i have one small criticism it would be the amount of time we had to wait for the bill. other than that small issue our experience was wonderful! we found this little gem and it is nicely decorated and a great use of a small space. very clean and a great locstion for us. we had the chicken satay and green curry, both delicious! our server was very knowledgeable and helped up choose which curry we would like the best. we will definitely be going back to this restaurant. this is a quick block from our hotel, marriott. we found it via a review in yelp. it did not disappoint. the restaurant was full at 9pm monday evening. they made up a table in loft area in back - very lovely. we had our 9 and 12 year olds with us. we skipped appetizer and went straight for dinner. my husband saw a dish pass by that was too hot for another customer - stopped to find out what it was - it was on the chefs recommendation page with green curry. he ordered that. we also had panang curry, sweet and sour chicken and pad see ew. the pad see ew was the best we had ever had and our daughter always orders it. it was delicious! the panang and sweet/sour did not disappoint and the green curry was scrumptious with some heat. we ordered additional coconut rice because everyone chowed down on their own plates and ate off each other's. there was not a bit left. quite possibly our best meal all trip! what a wonderful spot to eat and chic place to socialize. we will definitely be back this week!! the yellow curry had a really good flavor, but my husband's (beef and veggies on rice) meal was just ok. you can choose the kind of rice you want (coconut...yum), but you are charged for that in additional to your meal.it was about $60 for two entrees and drinks...wow! very pleasant restaurant reasonably priced and nice food would definitely returnnot a very big venue so may pay to book if you are keen and the rest rooms were very clean every dish we had was very good and nicely served:- chicken satay- red curry (both duck and chicken)nice atmosphere and good service for an affordable price. food was greatambiance seemed high end for thaiservice was goodtruly enjoyable meali walked past thai taste with my husband and thought it looked too fancy to be a decent thai restaurant. we had just come back from thailand no less than 3 months ago for our honeymoon so i was a bit skeptical. low and behold a pretty awesome and tasty panang curry! it was great. i seriously ate that plate of curry like it was my last meal. and for such a swanky looking place it was the best prices on the row of restaurants. go figure. i'll probably be going back tonight actually. that good! we happened upon thai taste on our first (rainy) night in london. the restaurant is small, but very clean and modern. i opted for the chicken pad thai, while my husband tried a chicken curry dish. both were fantastic! we thought prices were reasonable and service was good. thai taste comes recommended by me! my partner and i went here over easter and were really impressed with the food,service and the prices. the duck curry was a highlight as well as the mixed starter for two. would highly recommend this quaint little restaurant. the coconut rice is impressive. nice grilled chicken and fried vegetable egg noodle. however papaya salad is suggest to avoid great food - very authentic and very tasty. the cost is also very reasonable for london. the only downside is that the interior is very small (seats about 20 people) and somewhat dull. but if ambiance is irrelevant then this is a great place for dinner. yelpers in the uk really have yet to let me down.i saw all the good reviews for thai taste, and so i obviously had to stop by while staying down the street. i had a fantastic meal at this surprisingly intimate restaurant. i started with an order of the chicken satay. the chicken was cooked perfectly and the peanut sauce on the side was awesome. i ordered the "weeping tiger" special -- grilled sirloin steak with tamarind and a plum sugar sauce -- as my entree. again, the meat was cooked to perfection. something in the sauce didn't really agree with me -- still not sure what it was -- but the whole meal was still great.i'm a big tea buff, so i was absolutely smitten with their lemongrass tea. i drank an entire pot on my own, and probably could've ordered a second one had i not pulled myself away from the table. definitely a winner. tried thai taste thanks to yelp & it was amazing!!!! we had the hawaiian fried rice, pad thai with prawns & fried rice with prawns & something with chicken that i can't recall. we also had some drinks prior to dinner. place was super cute & service was great!!! not expensive for the food quality. only negative review was the dessert menu nothing we liked! i love asian food and eat it frequently. i had not experimented with thai that much but thai taste was highly recommended by the concierge at my hotel. the atmosphere is wonderful, very calm and relaxing. and the food, ugh, it was fantastic! i particularly enjoyed the appetizer of chicken satay..perfection! it's a quaint little place that i would not have heard about unless recommended, but it is more than worth your while!	1	0	1	0	0
 stayed in the neighborhood for a night on a recent trip to london - after a night of wine bar hopping, my wife and i were looking for a "late night pizza joint". pizza union was open late and we were surprised by the price and quality of their food. we split a pepperoni pizza and a house roquette salad and it was the perfect amount of food and very delicious. the wood-fired pizza is cooked quickly right in front of you and they have beer and wine choices. everything is served in a fast-casual setting where you order at the counter and go grab your own food when it's ready. we were in and out in less than 30 minutes but enjoyed the dark, neon-lit atmosphere. a very ''grab a quick bite to eat''-esque place. the decor was a mix of flower-patterned tables, stone ovens, warehouse ceilings and neon signs. actually it worked perfectly. the pizzas were cooked just fine as regards to level of crispness. one of the pizzas were slightly bland and distinctively unseasoned, however the pepperoni pizza with peppers was a little spicy with a rich flavor of cheese as well as other toppings. the pizza was thin, fulfilling and not to much. the food experience here gets a 4 total. come in, enjoy it yourself. this place is amazing. my boyfriend and i stayed at an airbnb across the street from pizza union. over the course of 9 days, i went to pizza union three times. it's the perfect place for a late night snack - especially considering it's one of the few places open past 10pm. every flavor i've tried has been good, although i especially liked the veggie pizza. would definitely recommend if you ever find yourself in the kings cross area hungry for something to snack on!! i've been meaning to come here for ages, and finally made it today for a late lunch. the menu is clear and the prices are good. i went for the calabria, but without rocket, and it was no trouble. i also grabbed a can of coke and a garlic dip, and the whole shebang was under 8. you're given a buzzer and sent to find a seat, which was easily as it wasn't busy. most of the seating is on backless stools but they do have some tables. cutlery and a bottle of olive oi is in big cans on the table, and they also have oregano and chili flake shakers. napkins were in a tin on a shelf above the bin.the wait wasn't long - 5 minutes, maybe, and my buzzer went. i was pleased it comes cut because i hate eating pizza with a knife and fork. i was on my own and had my kindle out and never were my hands all greasy or messy, which is good! i really, really liked the n'duja on the pizza - spicy but not overpowering, salty and savoury. a delicious choice, and the mascarpone on the pizza was there to cool off your mouth if you went overboard on a bite. the crust was thin and not hard - but not floppy, either. the ends of the crust were nice and crunch and tasted good in my garlic dip - but i probably wouldn't bother with the dip again. it was quite mayonnaise-like. the crust was a bit bland, and lovers of a sourdough crust might be bothered by this.the pizza was more than i could eat today but probably most people would finish it on their own. i certainly wouldn't share one, unless you also had a salad or were planning on getting that delicious sounding nutella dough ring... how can you fault a place like this? cheap, quality, fast, funky. pizzas range from 4-6 with optional toppings at 1 and are made to order in the wood oven while you wait. it's a self service type of place: order at the counter with your drinks and get a buzzer when your pizza is ready. i think we only waited about 10 minutes which is amazing considering the people that were there. i got a margarita with spicy sausage (4.95) and well for a moment i forgot i wasn't in france anymore and spicy meant spicy! lol i love thin crust pizzas and this place delivered! a delicious wood fired pizza with quality ingredients at an unbeatable price. a great option to eat before the eurostar as it is 5 minutes walk from st-pancras. keeping this one in my bookmarks! best place to get cheap but good quality pizzas.my friend and i got the vesuvio (really spicy), the carnios and the garlic bread.wasnt expecting much from such an inexpensive place but the pizza a thin and crispy as i like and full of flavours!defo worth it and i would come back for sure honestly this is such a good deal it's almost unbelievable.super thin crust pizza which i love and super fast food service because it takes so little to cook.i've been here twice. once for pizza at lunchtime and then again to try their nutella mascarpone donut pizza thing - heaven but obviously not an everyday treat.the space is cool and spacious and there's always people working on laptops.can't beat the price for a quick meal that still feels like going out and not getting a takeaway. happy it's going to become one of my local spots this year! ahhhh pizza union, my one true pizza love! yesterday i finally visited the pentonville road location and yet again pizza union triumphs with their cheap but fantastic pizzas. i've made the decision (and it's a big decision), for me pizza union is the best pizza in the city. there, i said it!to start we have some olives - i love their olives. juicy and flavoured beautifully with garlic oil. not over buttery, just great mixed olives! i opted for the stagioni (again), i just love it! it's a great mix of so many toppings - ham, pepperoni, olives and mushrooms, all it quarters. it's like 4 pizzas in one! thin and crispy base, lots of tomato and great toppings! win.we also shared the bianca which is their garlic bread and cheese option. it was yummy!and we had the verdera salad - i must give a shout out the their salads. fresh and really really tasty! their pizza salad in particular is awesome! i always get one on the side as i end up putting half of it on the pizza. can't beat rocket on a pizza. mmm.in total for 3 pizzas, a salad, olives and drink it was just 22! what more can you want? sure we over ordered and had to leave some but who cares for that price! if you haven't been, go! if you have been, go again and again and again! this is not a place for staying a while but the pizza comes very quick and is so delicious. thin cracky pizza dough with great toppings. and all this for a good price. two words: life saver. studying abroad from new york, i was ecstatic to stumble upon a legit pizza joint in london, something i wasn't expecting at all. i took out from pu practically once a week, it really is that good. the pizza is thin crusted and very crispy, and the quality of the toppings is the best i've had in london so far. it really is delicious and reminiscent of home. the classico dessert is sinful, not to mention they have gelato as well. the line is never too long and the atmosphere is always bustling yet chill, perfect for a dinner spot any day. two thumbs up! i love pizza union, the pizza flavours are very authentic, they taste great and are super quick. this new wave of no nonsense pizza restaurants are brilliant and pizza union have got it so right. it can be very busy which is a down side but it also shows it's popular. i hope they set up more throughout the country not just london. highly recommend the calabria, the best spicy sausage pizza in london. i fell in love with this place rather quickly. i ordered a margherita pizza (3.95) with n'duja spicy sausage (+1.00), mixed olives (1.50), garlic dip (0.50), and diet coke (1.30). their pizzas are 12" and made fresh to order. they gave us buzzers to let us know when our pizzas were ready and the wait was only about ten minutes. the mixed olives were great to munch on while we waited. the pizzas were so good. i love the thin crust and the spiciness of the n'duja sausage. the creamy garlic dip cooled things down before it got to be too much. we also ended up getting gelatos (2.50) for dessert. the cookies and cream gelato was good, but the salted caramel was much more flavourful and was the favourite between the two.this place serves great food for great prices. we'll definitely be back. as we have incredibly good artisan pizza in durham, nc, this place didn't amaze me. however, it was good, and was certainly worth the price. you step to the front and order at the counter, then find a seat and they call your name when your pizza is ready - quite quick. definitely a happening place, as it was pretty much packed inside, even quite late at night when i stopped in (open helpfully late), desperate for food. worth a stop! " i think i'm in love with london already." that's what my mom said after being in london for approximately 2 whole seconds and losing her pizza union virginity soon after. i'd be going to pizza union 2-4 times a week since i started living just up the road from the kings cross location. thats was a bad idea. so bad. but my mom was right (aren't they always). pizza union is the b e s t pizza i had in london during the months i lived there. pizza union is awesome because :1. they have fast + consistent service 2. the people are friendly ( the lady at the till didn't judge me for being there just as much as her instead, she remembered my order)3. it is quality + cheap (two things that don't always go hand-in-hand)pizza union uses the freshest ingredients. if you order one of their pizzas with mozzarella on it, it's the gooiest cheese ever. it's almost as if they got it straight from italy. my italian friend, fran, called pizza union authentic italian pizza after tasting their margherita. my absolute favorite pizza union pie of all time is: the carne. my goodness, it's probably the most fatty, but its already too late to think about that. it has fresh chicken, succulent beef and pepperoni on it. with a tomato and mozzarella base and topped with onions and rosemary. you cannot go wrong. i always throw some oregano and olive oil on top as well. ahhh man, to say the least, i miss pizza union everyday that i am away and hope to return soon. tip: pizza union is the cheapest, yet quality pizza that you're going to find in ldn. hands down. the carne is one of their most "expensive" pizzas and its only 6.50. craziness, i know!how could i forget to mention the sauces. oh my, i slept on them for the longest time, but when i finally tried one, there was no way i was leaving without getting one. the 'garlic herb' sauce is my favorite. it's only 50 pence more and totally worth all of its garlicky glory. i simply fold my slice like a taco and dip. repeat. burp. repeat. this pizza land is not bad at all! it is like a slightly posher-looking version of icco...but to me, it wasn't quite as good.the really good bits:- it's cheap! from 4 per pizza (i think the two pizzas we tried were 6 each)- it is pretty speedy ...you order at the till, they give you a buzzer, then you swap that for pizza (just like icco!)- the dcor is nice - industrial chic- they have wine and beer to go with your cheapy pizzathe less good:- i didn't think the pizzas were quite as amazing as the previous reviewers said. they're all right, but not superamazingbestpizzainlondon level of yumminess. my husband tried the pizza with tuna on...and it was less good that a cook-it-in-your-own-oven-type pizza.i'll probably try it again to see if the other toppings were better, but for now icco is still my go-to for cheap, happy pizza. people have been telling me about this place for forever and now i know why!!! fan-flipping-tastic!!where have you been all my life?! finally, i have found my spot for pizza!!this place is incredible, pizzas are a great size, super thin crust, which i love, and at around the 5/6 mark which is a steal!! the whole concept of the place is you go in, queue, which is roughly 15 minutes on a busy night, and then after the queue you are given a buzzer which buzzes when your pizza is ready! genius! even better part is the wait is literally non-existent like 10 minutes max and you are resented with your own bit of yummy heaven!!i got the peppers one.. verduro i think it's called and modified it to add chicken! wowwww crispy and cooked to perfection! piping and no chance i would be sharing this!! literally the best pizza i eaten in a very, very long time!!!can't wait to go back and try out some of the other beauties on the menu and the best thing is - if you want to add extra ingredients you totally can! if you're american and have eaten at one of the many mod pizza places cropping up across the us, then this concept will be familiar to you. pizza union is mod's faster, cheaper, cooler cousin. the pizza menu prices range from 2.95 for blanco (garlic bread), 3.95 margherita, and up to 6.50 for the meat supremo known as the carne. you can also add your own toppings. the reason this reminds me of mod, despite not having he build your own for one price theme, is the dough is thin and the pizza is ready in ~5 mins or less. this was despite showing up during the lunch rush-- $5 mins later i had a good looking pizza. the same dough was surprisingly soft (i had expected a more toothsome texture given the light char and use of a coal brick oven) but the ingredients were surprisingly hearty for the price and mascarpone and fresh sausage for $5? impressive. the sauce worked. the arugula (rocket to brits) was fresh but lacked the pepperiness of truly in season arugula. super hipster, they have baristas. plan to spend half as much as your pizza on beer or even soda. all in all a nice, quick, little lunch stop with decent to good tasting pizza, helpful and cheerful staff, and super fast light food. i can't fault this at all.when awarding stars i think i have this, erm..."gut feel"...there's an algorithm that gets processed, even if i'm not entirely able to articulate it. it's something about value for deliciousness, gbp per wow-bite. and here, where the pizzas are affordable and quick and delicious...well, pizza union you got yourself 5 stars with that formula!i saw this concept back in the us last time i was visiting; essentially they are very quickly fired pizzas, in and out of the oven in 180 seconds. fast turnaround, quick pizzas. what's not to love (trick question: nothing).the basic white garlic 'bread' pizza starts at 2.50 or so. i enjoyed the fiorentina today, topped with fresh spinach leaves and a whole egg. i added some chicken for 1gbp, which was not these artificial blocks of protein but looked like pulled chicken breast (great). the pizza came quickly, and i added on a 0.50 mini tub of creamy dip. walk your pizza over to a table (there are high-tops and tables) and you can personalize further with hot chili flakes, oregano, chili oil, salt and pepper. the chili oil was totally unnecessary, but never one to shy away from gilding the lily: i went for it. it was nicely spicy. there are sweet doughs and gelato as dessert options, but i have yet to try 'em. beer and various soft drinks as hydration options.yelp note: no delivery (yet), but takeaway options available. note that m-f, 12 - 2pm, the limit is 4pizzas/pp. we came here because of the good reviews and cheap prices. we had the margherita and the rossa pizzas. the crust was so very thin like a cracker. the margherita was rather bland. we much preferred the rossa. it is decent and cheap pizza. there's always a first time for everything. pizza union virgin so tried out the funghi (why do people hate mushrooms btw?) and the calabria. so cheap! around 5 and 6 respectively! got to say the latter with its mascarpone & n'duja sausage is awesome. get in ma belly!but honestly the prices are similar to the famous icco on goodge st. the cheapest coming in at 3.95 for a simple margherita too. i must say that the crust must be the thinnest i've ever had anywhere. i'm not sure if i like it quite that thin, so prefer the icco larger base. but they do out a generous amount of toppings here which is great. all pizza places are effectively fast food and the space inside was large and open. can imagine it being buzzing at night (i went for lunch).i will definitely come back as i heard they will allow you to mix and match the pizza toppings on one pizza (non peak times) if you are lucky. it gets a 3 to 4 star based on mainly that it is a cheap option to a bustling pizza scene. nice addition though, with a somewhat different type of pizza. calabria - pizza union, king crossthe thinnest pizza base i've ever had ! love the mascarpone that went so well with the n'duja spicy sausage. the restaurant is spacious service is quick with vibrant atmosphere! the prices are also very good! on the plus side, open til midnight, perfect for a snack after some comedy at the invisible dot. before i noticed this page i usually went home hungry after a gig there, or had to pick up something horrible from an off-licence.the price, i can't argue with. approx 4 for a 12" margherita is a great deal. you go to the desk to put your order in and then get one of those things that vibrate when your order's ready. all very efficient. the pizza took ten minutes before it was in front of me.pizza itself - lots of tomato sauce, thin and crispy, slightly weird chemical taste that i find is often the case with wood-fired pizza ovens. i liked the dip options at the counter for mopping up the crusts. overall, can't complain for the price and i like the decor and quick service. place is closed!! should be updated, apparently they're doing some sort of construction. don't go. when i first pulled up the menu and looked at the prices, i thought it was too good to be true. i figured it had to be a gross takeaway place, and wondered why my foodie friend had suggested it. i was honestly taken by surprise about nearly everything in the restaurant. i have been in the area quite a few times, just by king's cross station, even just across the street at big chill house, but never noticed pizza union. even though it's a no booking place, the vibe is a cool warehouse chic, and on sunday evening it was not hard to find a free table, and there was no queue to order, either. it didn't take long for the food to be ready, and we received a buzzer upon ordering that went off when the food was ready. all pizzas are under 6.50. we also ordered a few of the salads, though they are particularly rocket heavy and lacking in dressing, so i wouldn't particularly recommend those. the pizzas are thin crust, but substantial enough for one person. i like the simplicity of the operation and the price cannot be beat. everyday i'm hustlin'rick ross's track comes to mind when attempting to find seating at this place on a friday at 7pm. it will be communal and you will need to throw some elbows.this trendy yet casual place gets busy so the rationale behind the no bookings policy is beyond me. the only reason this spot gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because the shake shack style logistics of the queue, order and find your own seating model doesn't always come together well. do yourself a favor and don't come here with a large group during peak times. you could be left holding a pizza with nowhere to sit. they do offer takeaway though if it comes down to it. this place is about cheap, customizable, made-to-order personal sized pizzas. and lest you get bored of the inventive combinations on the menu, you always have the freedom to make your own or add extra toppings. true to its name, the pizza comes out super fast after you order it. i had the calabria - tomato sauce, mozzarella, mascarpone, n'duja spicy sausage, rocket all on top of a nice thin crust. the flavors came together really well - one delicious pizza! it's a sizable pie (12 inch) and filling despite the thin crust. come hungry. note to management: jugs of tap water at the counter would eliminate the need for customers to interrupt the awesome and very friendly guy turning pizzas in the oven to request a refill of tap water in your tiny cups. pizza union was surprisingly cheap and the vibe was cozy. the crowd was mostly young hipster types taking advantage of cheap good food and free wi-fi. i ate my entire pizza by myself. pizza crust in london isn't the best i've ever had, though. maybe it is the water. i was happy to find this place when i arrived for a concert at a nearby venue too early. both my colleagues might have found a new pizza fave as they both like thin, crispy crusts. but me, well, i like my bread, so i'll still pick the sourdough version over this one any time. toppings are really nice though, with a thick, fragrant tomato sauce and loads of herbs. cheap, delicious pizza. lots of menu options, fresh ingredients, and a pizza big enough you can hardly finish it in one sitting (or split into two meals) for only 6! extremely tasty and decently priced pizza near king's cross. pizzas are 4-6 each, and enough for one hungry person. went here a while back with my sister and damn, what good prices!! a lot of pizza varieties and for such decent prices right in the center of london. i appreciate their variety of drinks as well. the pizza is not too big that it's painfully filling but it's also big enough to be just the right size.	1	1	1	0	0
 3 course prefixe was delicious. the fresh baked bread was ridiculous. comes out hot crispy outside and pillowy inside. service is good but one of the servers needs to learn how to not stomp her feet when she walks on the bouncy hardwood floors. it was distracting. otherwise everything was perfect. had a long layover so we decided to spend the morning in london. after a museum visit we went for a late lunch at kitchen w8. so glad we did. the sunday lunch is a steal. 3 course and all were superb. the fallow deer tartare was a highlight. as was the duck egg with truffle. i also greatly enjoyed the cod cheers. the warm chocolate pudding with salted caramel and hazelnut ice cream was a perfect ending. the decor is nice and the wait staff was very good. they accommodated us with a table even though reservations showed as full. very deserving of its one star status. tucked away in a little street in chelsea, this quaint restaurant was a definitely a great find.i went there for saturday lunch for the 3 course lunch menu (28 pounds) and was delighted by the quiet and friendly atmosphere. i was initially surprised it had a michelin star due to the price of the menu however, the great service and food proved otherwise. i had concerns about the food as i am a vegetarian but the waitress gave me a few vegetarian options and even gave me the option of making my own starter based on the original menu by taking out the meat and adding other components. my friend had the hand rolled garganelli with mousserons,peas and berkswell and i had the bulls heart tomato with seaweed cream. the tomatoes were really fresh and juicy with a hint of sweetness and the dish overall was simple yet briliant. my friend thoroughly enjoyed his starter as well. for mains, i had a gnocchi dish and my friend had the pork. the pork was cooked perfectly. the gnocchi dish was ok and fell short to the starter. however, we both enjoyed the atmosphere and stayed for a lot longer than expected. the staff never rushed us off and we were given chocolate truffles at the end of the meal which were really creamy and a great end to the afternoon.overall, definitely worth the money especially for lunch. portions are quite small which was great for me but not worth going if you're really hungry or prefer big portions of food. service was friendly and food was good. really surprised at how delicious the food was here given the area. we often find that restaurants in this area are more style than substance. the lunch price for the set menu was 25 which is a total steal. the both the starter and main we're perfectly executed. my main was missing a bit of acid but the cooking on the gurnard was almost perfect, maybe a tad over.this place is perfect value for a business lunch. the atmosphere is a little boring for a saturday afternoon so come with people you want to actually talk too. although people watching in kensington is also pretty fun. taking a 4 year old to a michelin-starred restaurant might seem like a crazy thing to do. however, i knew it would work out when i received the children's menu which perfectly catered to the desires of my eldest son. a table of 6 booked at 2:30pm probably assisted as the restaurant was nice and quiet on this sunday afternoon. the starter of raviolo was delicious as was the medium-rare rib of beef, served with one of the largest yorkshire puddings i've seen. dessert was a melt-in-the-middle chocolate pudding that lived up to the tempting description on the menu. by far and away one of the most relaxed, well-served sunday lunches i've had. the food was excellent with good portion sizes. and all at a fantastically reasonable 35 per head. had a wonderful dinner at this like tuck-away. i had appetizer (artichoke) and entree (fish) there, which was both delicious. really enjoyed the bread paste that was served in the beginning of the meal also - complementary on the house was definitely a plus! my only complaint was that the food almost came a bit too fast for me to enjoy my dining experience. there was barely any gaps in time between when food was served. sure, i appreciated the promptness, but as a solo diner, i almost felt like i was rushed out without properly enjoying my time there. whenever somewhere serves me a meal which i feel necessitates a review that evening, their job is done. i think the wine's wearing off enough for me to be able to type this coherently (as tempting as a stream of consciousness review would be), and i'm not going through enough of a food coma to be put out of action. which is good, i am *perfectly* full right now. couldn't ask for anything more.i won't comment much on the environment here - it's everything that i'd expect from a decent restaurant of this type. from entrance to exit, i found the staff to be extremely warm and definitely put a nice gloss on my whole experience. i find that a lot of places have polite-but-standoffish service which is fine - functional and pleasant, but i dunno. i felt that the atmosphere here was just that bit more personable.we went for the tasting menu: 2 starters, 2 mains, 2 puddings. i'll say it now before my dish-by-dish rundown: every dish was a delight - simple (in a manner of speaking), yet extremely well constructed - and i felt that the transition from course to course was perfect somehow. like a well thought-out mixtape. as such, it's definitely been the most satisfying meal i've had in the last year, hands down. the time between courses was pretty short until dessert, oddly there was a pretty long gap between the two desserts, not that i minded too much.predinner: foccacia crisps with pea puree. mm. very thin, crispy sheets of focaccia, a delicious pea puree. a good pea puree is wonderful and this one was absolutely spot on. nom.course i: asparagus with toasted quinoa, egg yolk, and hazelnut. the asparagus itself was nice, if not the most flavourful in the world. everything else? the toasted quinoa added a nice crunch and nuttiness, assisted by the hazelnut. the egg yolk? the egg yolk. so. good. both delicious and with a consistency i've never had before, more like butter than egg.course ii: thin slices of veal rump with morels, parmesan, hazelnut, and peas. the texture of the veal was wonderful, and the morel-parmesan combination was extremely good, balanced out with the sweet peas. perfect combination of flavour. if i had to choose, this was probably the standout dish, but really, it's not very relevant.course iii: sea trout with pickled beetroot and watercress, and smoked eel on a new potato with vinegared shallots, topped with watercress and eel scratchings (!). i love sea trout when it's done this way. so easy to cut and the texture and flavour were great. the eel scratchings were a great touch and provided a great crunch and a bit of fishiness, without being overpowering. the smoked eel bit of the dish was similar to herring potato salad that's often found in northern france. i loved the shallots (the acidity came a little bit close to overpowering the dish, but they were just right. and yummy), and the paper-thin eel provided a touch of smokiness.course iv: 55-day aged pork on celeriac, with a charred pear. i was sceptical about aged pork, but this was delicious, particularly the aged fat. mm. unfortunately my mum found a bit of gristle in hers (the only black mark of the evening) which shouldn't really happen in a place like this. however, the texture of the pork (like all the meat here) was absolutely wonderful, a little bit of bite, but falling apart in the mouth. om. and the crackling. perfect crackling sitting at the perfect point between gooey and crunchy.course v: vanilla parfait topped with mango, white chocolate and lime. a light dessert, great balance of flavours. a really nice follow-up to the pork.course vi: chocolate pave, salted caramel ice cream, hazelnut cream, lime zest. mmmnom. this dish avoided being too heavy, and the hint of lime, whilst not adding much in terms of overall flavour, added just a little bit to cut through the chocolate. the salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut went perfectly too.memorable. the tasting menu was 60, so pretty much in line with what i'd expect, not cheap, but i would come here again in a heartbeat (if i had the cash...) - i often have tasting menus with the odd nice-but-not-that-memorable courses, but this one's burned in my memory and i'm salivating a bit writing this. the accompanying wines were also good (not that that's my forte, and i'm not keen to speculate over how much they were), and i particularly enjoyed the languedoc maury red dessert wine. whilst each dish was excellent, the whole thing ended up being greater than the sum of its parts and it's definitely one of the best meals i've had in recent memory and i'm wondering now when the next trip will be... i can't believe that kitchen w8 was not previously on my culinary radar. shame on me.i went here today for the set menu. 23 for 3 courses? a steal. like, actually...i feel like i'd pulled one over on someone for the price against the quality of the meal. it was a perfect lunch in a perfect environment. see? 5 stars! 5 full, well-deserved stars!to start i had lamb sweetbreads, smoked eel and potato salad with tiny polka dots of nettle pesto adorning the plate. sweetbreads and eel you say? yes. what culinary creative mastermind came up with that combination i don't know to say but...thank you. it was a treat, and the thin shaving of eel was the perfect foil to the creamy potato and indulgent sweetbreads.//pause to say: you'll want to tuck into the breadbasket. it is *divine* bread, and i promise it won't spoil your meal to indulge in it and the salt-speckled butter//the second course featured the most pillowy soft and fluffy and deliciousest (not a word, roll with it) gnocchi, served with roasted onion and garlic and amazingly flavoured, moist chicken (pot roast corn fed, apparently). nary a peep of criticism from me. ok, well...*tiny*...a piece of the chicken had a ball of joint/gristle that ideally would have been caught before it left the kitchen but, oh oh, the flavour of the dish more than made up for that tiny oversight.for dessert there was a cheese option and a sweet selection. i surprised myself and went for the latter - a lemon yogurt with a quenelle of divine raspberry ripple ice-cream atop (sounds weird, but i swear you won't question it if you have the opportunity to try it) and crunch provided care of sable crumbs. post-meal coffee served with mini truffles.service so on point. unobtrusive, attentive at the right times, hands-off when appropriate...it complemented the meal perfectly.i will be returning. soon. have been thinking of my lunch all afternoon.yelp note: no but actually that gnocchi tho. easy-peasy reservation system online, and generally not a full dining room for lunch so a good time to go (secret's out). love love love love love! everything in this restaurant is perfect. from the interior, cleaningness, quality of food, price etc, there is not one thing i did not like ! the restaurant looked so modern and the lighting was brilliant (not one of those dimmed ones that makes you fall asleep) the staff were very friendly from greeting and we were allocated to a quiet corner near the front window of the restaurant. after careful consideration decided not to opt for the tasting menu. it actually works out cheaper and better to go a la carte. this is because tasting menu applies to the whole table. we had three starters, two mains and two desserts, and we only had to pay 10~ extra. the portions are of course, bigger too.i absolutely loved everything i ate, but my favourite has to be the scallops. big, jjuicy, fresh, and compliments the cream source and mushrooms so well.what a big surprise i'm definitely coming back here ! one of the best 1* michelin's i have been to! this place deserves more than 1*! makes other 1* michelin restaurants feel average!the presentation of the food is "jaw dropping". the taste is immaculate, price is spot on (as its not too pricey) and the staff are so friendly it's unreal. the staff are bilingual, which made me feel very welcome and comfortable. the waiter spoke cantonese to me, and to my surprise he spoke it very fluently, considering he's from a european background.the decor of this place has a modern vibe to it. i believe it has recently been refurbished, so everything is neat, tidy and clean.the food: loved everything i ordered. i opted for the a la carte rather than the tasting menu. would recommend the scallops, a must try! with just water to drink, my bill was less than 30 per person and i've got to say i was really impressed with the whole meal. i didn't expect the food would be as good due to the low price but i was so wrong, most of the cooking was at a supreme standard and i was in and out in just just under an hour which makes this spot an excellent place for a quick but classy lunch choice. if i was to be picky then i think the food portion could be a little bigger, but i am seriously considering a quick return to try out its tasting menu as i am sure it could only be even better. looking for a quiet / romantic place with amazing food in london? look no more. this place is simply amazing. in my opinion their food and service beats other places with more michelin starts in london (i think w8 has 1 star)! nice little hidden gem near south kensington. stopped in during my layover and had an excellent meal with great service. ordered the tartare, roasted pork, and strawberry dessert. each dish was perfect. lunch is a steal but even the dinner prices are very reasonable for this level of quality. definitely coming back on my next trip. overall good experience. ambiance is okay but nothing to be wow'ed by. it is pleasant with calming colors. service was fast and efficient and we did not feel rushed at all. i was a bit disappointed that after we ordered i heard the waiter at the table next to us tell the guests the specials of the day which we were not told. we loved all of the dishes we tried. velout of cornish mussels with mussel beignets was heavenly. super rich and creamy velout with a side of perfectly fried mussels yum. the poached cod was so flavorful and moist! i want to say it was one of the better fish dishes i have had. the venison was cooked just right and was super tender. although we liked both of the desserts, my favorite of the two desserts we tried was the salt caramel parfait.deep fried salt cod balls as an amuse velout of cornish mussels with mussel beignets, garlic and parsley creamcrispy hen's egg with parmesan polenta, wilted chanterelles, bacon and trufflebeurre noisette poached cod with brown shrimps, pickled cauliflower, lightly spicedhaunch of venison with jerusalem artichokes, roast onion, port soaked raisins and bulgur wheatblackberry poached pear with hazelnut pain perdu and vanilla rice pudding moussesalt caramel parfait with roasted peanut ice cream, chocolate milk pure and lime verdict: can't say anything but yes to still/probably cheapest and most bang for the buck michelin star lunch in london! pros:- cosy small, homely and intimate venue.- risotto among the items available at lunch set menu is impressive.- the parmesan gnocchi with mushroom and garlic is lovely!- lunch set menu/sunday lunch prices are pretty unbeatable when location, quality, variety and execution are factors considered!- excellent fish dishes.cons:- the chips looks somewhat like the ones served at fast food joints!- less is more: maybe a little to eager to impress sometimes the plate could do with less tastes or ingredients. i had the good fortune to dine here yesterday evening, courtesy of my friend tom's birthday - his girlfriend rebecca sorted a meal at this michelin starred restaurant to celebrate.it has been an impressively fast elevation to michelin star status for mark kempson, who worked in philip howard's 2 star kitchen at the square before being installed here in 2009.the restaurant is located in a pretty unprepossessing part of kensington and being of the slightly older generation, i was also a bit worried that w8 may be teenage text slang for 'wait'!fortunately, as soon as i walked in the door, all such worries were dispelled and kitchen w8 have got the michelin formula, both in the quality of the food and the service. there is a definite standard and way michelin like things done and this place has understood that.we had some pretty good food through the evening. the lightest deep fried salt cod balls were served as canapes as we perused the menu. it's always a pleasure to have the conundrum of what to order from a tempting menu.my starter of saute of chicken wings with hand rolled linguine, broad beans, mousseron mushrooms and parmesan was packed with umami flavour, offset nicely by the sweet broad beans, which were a nice seasonal touch to the dish. tom and rebecca pronounced themselves equally satisfied with their choices of crispy hen's egg with asparagus & truffle soldiers and ravioli of ham hock with hispi cabbage & veloute of peas.for mains, tom and i opted for the pressed pork belly with a puree of violet artichokes, broad beans, parmesan and preserved lemon. the pork belly had been properly rendered to turn the thick layer of fat into flavoursome unctuous gooeyness which sat atop moist tender meat and below the skin, which had just enough crunch. rebecca enjoyed her slow poached pollock with a sourdough crust, fennel puree, golden beetroot & citrus vinaigrette.we managed to find just enough room for dessert - the vanilla panna cota, salt chocolate parfait and sicilian lemon tart proved food ends to the meal.francesca, our sicilian waitress for the evening, was attentive but happy to have a laugh. rebecca chose a little gem and tom certainly enjoyed his birthday dinner here. it just sneaks into 5 stars but i don't think you'll be disappointed with an evening out here. the food is very nice and fresh!! i tried the pork and its very delicious. the cod fish is also fresh and perfectly cooked. after having lunch at pollen street social it was almost unfair to eat at another renowned restaurant for supper -- how could a neighbourhood joint in kensington compete?honestly, the food was easily as good (and in my main's case, even better). they brought over some salt cod and potato croquettes as an amuse bouche which were crispy and so savoury -- even my wife-loathing wife tried and admitted it was good (and then quickly recanted, probably to keep up her fish-hating credentials).my crispy hens egg with parmesan polenta was incredible, and my haunch of venison main was stunning.my wife had a braised lamb main which was excellent, but i forget her starter! wine!the room can't compare with central london restaurants really as its more of a fancy place for a supper than a real dinner destination, but the service was good and the food was excellent. not sure i'd rush back rather than trying other michelin starred places, but if im lazy and want a great meal (i live nearish) i'd certainly give it another go. we ate here for our first night in london; it was a little removed from the more "popular" destinations in the city, which was actually nice. we came at about 6:30 with a reservation and the restaurant was nearly empty; it slowly filled up by the time we left.we loved the food - particularly the beef - thinly cut, with smoked mashed potatoes - astounding - can see why the restaurant has a michelin star. worth a trip to this part of kensington. the staff are brilliant, great wine list and my mother loved her pigeon but the rest of us thought the food did not justify the cost and the veggie main option was very average. it was 400 for 6 of us and none of us thought it was worth that, at that level you expect ledbury style brilliance. apparently the lunch prix fix is great value though. stopped here for dinner last night, and was really pleased we did.i'd read really good reviews and found out that they do a three course dinner for 24.50 from 6-7pm. for a place with one michelin star already, that's not too bad at all :)so we went, were the first ones in the place at 6.30 and ended up having a lovely time. little deep fried balls of salt cod started things off, and were really tasty. excellent bread and one of the most punchy malbecs i've ever had made it even better.my other half had a beetroot and goats cheese salad that he said was one of the best things he's ever eaten, while i had a chicken/mushroom ravioli to start (with char-grilled lettuce, really unusual but very tasty).we both then had the steak, with smoke potato (not to my taste), spinach (a wee bit salty) and broccoli (divine). for dessert we went off peak and ordered from the a la carte, i had chocolate pave with salted caramel ice cream and honeycomb, which was heavenly - the boy had some nice cheese.with a great atmosphere and great food, it was a great evening. one for a treat though, as even with a special menu the bill came to 100. well worth it though.sad to hear that julia suffered from a 'snooty' attitude, as our experience couldn't haven't been further than that. our waiter was fantastic, one of the best i've encountered actually. advertising isn't much fun right now. budgets are down. working hours are up. times are hard. but i'm off to lunch on a monday arvo at kitchen w8. and i'm not paying. i tell you what. it's better than working for a living. i always loved the square, and this place is by philip howard who runs that gaff. good reviews, my end of town, why not?i had a starter that i would put in the 'memorable' bracket. smoked eel implausibly thinly sliced into perfect oblongs with blobs of wonderful sauce and perfectly sliced bits of leek laying on it. pretty as a picture and sublime taste. hard to imagine how to improve on that dish in either looks or taste. stunning. my other two diners enjoyed wonderful starters too. foie gras with sourdough toast and scallops with celeriac and stuff were received equally enthusiastically. i had the pot roast chicken for my main and expected something rough and hearty but again got something perfectly cooked and expertly considered. the gravy had been reduced to a glossy delight. the chicken was pot roasted to perfection. the cabbage bed was lovely. it was served beautifully. not the rustic plate i was expecting but actually far far better. food out of the top drawer and i wouldn't be surprised if they build on the one michelin star they already have.so why not 5 stars? well the place itself is pretty unimaginative. a ubiquitous very nice place. neutral everything. right down to the paint on the walls. the heart simply doesn't sing when you come out of there. a place built not to offend the super rich of west london when they come in. safe. nice. shame. the food is great. the service is professional and the place is adequate. i guess it just doesn't grab the heart. compare it to to la trompette a mile or two down the road. both serve similar fare (kitchen w8 is a notch above in terms of the food no doubt) but la trompette just has something more about it. a warmth to the dining room and a confidence front of house that this place lacks. and you pay a good deal more at kitchen w8 too.all in all, some wonderful food. but in forgettable surroundings. i'd add that i went on a monday lunchtime and would imagine the buzz was at it's lowest. but if they could work on something it would be the 'feel' of the place. i don't buy the argument that you need a neutral environment to appreciate the food better. you pay a fair amount of money here and it would be nice to feel like you had been somewhere special and i didn't quite get that from here, despite excellent food. i went to this kensington establishment largely expecting to be disappointed - with good online reviews and a recent 1 michelin star there's always a risk of resting on laurels.but i needn't have worried :-)the food was very good (well presented, great tasting and reasonable sized portions), and the service exemplary.so this gets the full 5* rating from me. menu looks impressive, but i don't think the full experience is worthy of a michelin stari've been fortunate enough to experience many michelin star dishes, and i would have to say that this one was my least favorite, but that isn't to say it was bad, in fact, it was very good. this is where reviewing gets tough. next to other places i've reviewed, this is clearly 5 star material, but what group to i judge it against? other michelin restaurants? in london? of a similar cuisine? or in the overall cost/benefit sense? it's tough to rank the stars, but take what you will out of this:i had not heard of kitchen w8, though it is very close to my home, and we was invited by friends who only dine at establishment with white linen table cloths (if you know what i mean). my first impression on a saturday night was that is was only half full, taking away from the 'exclusive' factor that many michelin's should aim to live up to. that's fine, we were happy to get a good table and move devoted service.we started with kir royals and nigronis which were all very nice, and the complimentary cod and potato croquets whetted our appetites.the menu offerings were very impressive, but it was slightly confusing as there is only one menu with a dedicated section to lunch specials and items which are not available for dinner. i wish there was just a separate menu for lunch and dinner without being teased and fluttered over options.i opted for the terrine of parfait of foie gras with camomile jelly, apricot chutney and sourdough toast. it was very good with a liberal serving of fois gras in a preservative jar. it was well presented, but that didn't make up for the overly toasted bread, which i ditched immediately and headed for the far more appetizing bread basket. we also tired the breaded duck egg with truffle, which was very good, if not too unique.as a main, i had breaded plaice medallions with purple sprouting broccoli and new potatoes. i initially didn't like the sound of breaded anything, but i had sea bream for lunch and i don't eat red meat, so my option are always limited. sadly, my first instinct was correct and the dish was disappointing. there was no playful flavors, and because the plaice was breaded, you could not taste the quality of the fish, and therefore the dish didn't do justice for the freshness and the flavors were muttled and lost. i also tried the fricassee of sweetcorn and girolles with saute artichoke, parmesan gnocchi and summer truffle, which was lovely and a much better choice.i do think that i ordered wrong, which is my own fault, but even though, each dish should hold it's own.i also found the waitress a tad intrusive (i was speaking to the table, in the middle of a story, when she approached from behind me and ask if we have any questions ... hello, i was speaking, you can wait for one moment until someone give you the go ahead look, haha, i mean, you don't just come up from behind and speak over someone... rude!)all in all, i'm glad i went and the menu is trying to do something special, but it's just not my style and i will not be going back, at least until the day where i only dine a white linen restaurants. i would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for their uppity and snooty attitude towards my boyfriend and i. let me explain....we were originally looking for a french restaurant called whitis, and we decided not to get dressed up because i had read that the restaurant was casual. unfortunately, whitis was closed so we walked into w8 because it was right next door. from the moment we walked in the hostess talked to us in a condescending tone and asked us if we had reservations when the restaurant was clearly empty! she then rolled her eyes and seated us. we ordered the foie gras to start off with and it was excellent! my boyfriend then got the pork chop while i got the fish with mussel risotto. my dish was cooked to perfection and my boyfriend had told me that this was the best pork he's ever had in his life (and i have to add in that we have pretty expensive taste).overall, this place was great and i would go there again. i guess next time i would make a reservation and dress up though so they'll treat me as equal as everyone else. great food. great value. great service.tried 5 of their dishes on the menu, and everyone of them came out to be a great dish. there were not a huge menu selection, but we managed to find quite a few dishes we liked.the service was great, and our waitress was very friendly and unpretentious.we overhead the guy at the table next door, had allergy with onion and he told the waitress when ordering, but they sent him his dish with onion, so he was pissed and left in the middle of dinner. so if you are allergic to something, make sure you ask twice! the food is simply divine. the dining room is a bit plain though. it lacks charm but once the food is served, it's a different ball game. go for the plate. the chef is simply excellent. i first heard about this new philip howard (of the square fame) gem from richard vines' review on bloomberg. this restaurant is barely one month old but i am confident that it will become very famous in the months ahead.the restaurant has a very formal feel. its tastefully decorated ... and almost everyone were in formals (though i wasn't told of any specific dress code). an ideal place to entertain clients, in my opinion. the toilet looked like a star trek holo-suite when a program isn't running in it ... black tiles with white borders.my friend and i started with the complementary canapes ... small round balls made of fish and cheese(our best guess). we ate them ... and asked again ... and again ... and again ... until our sense of shame overpowered the greed :)kitchen w8 claims that there food has a english style with a french soul. i for one completely concur ... the combination of these two styles was very evident.for my starter i had the dish i was looking forward to ... game consomm with bacon cream and a small game hot dog. it was ... liquid meat. different from a soup ... but liquid ... and filled with a variety of meat (you can't see the pieces, you can just taste them) ... grouse, hare, pheasant ... and bacon foam. i have never had anything like that before ... made my companion's tasty dish of eel and mackerel look ordinary.i got my main course ... and i thought what was that puddle of white in the middle ? cream ? cheese ? i had forgotten that i had ordered risotto of butternut squash & chanterelles with red wine & a soft poached egg ... and that was the egg. i realized it when i poked it and the yellow liquid oozed into the risotto ... the quantity was rather less, but the dish was very satisfying. my friend was a bit disappointed with his special venison dish ... he would have preferred it to be a bit more well done.we were full ... but not done yet. we still had the tenacity to try the desserts ... and they lived up to my expectations. when a rice pudding later, and 40 pounds poorer, i left the restaurant, i was sure that i would return for more. sunday lunch... 3 courses... 25 quid. lovely stuff. we liked the muted tones of the dining room, the friendly manner of the waiting staff and the very nicely executed dishes. lunch was well-paced and very tasty; particularly the roast lamb which super tender and perfectly pink. the home made caramel truffles which arrived with coffee were stunning and a lovely bonus. been coming here since it opened, before it even had any stars. great value set lunch, brilliant service. the parfait of foie gras is outstanding!	0	0	1	0	0
 pretty good korean bbq place. food is tasty, and the price is great when you go during happy hour.but service is really really slow and we had some dishes missing from our order too. we were told they had just switched over to a new it system for ordering, so maybe things have improved since we went in may. though is my first try but have actually heard of it many times. every friend of mine that has been here recommand it. so tried it today. the late lunch menu is really a must-have!! not expensive and really suitablr for two people. the first choice for friends or couples to go. this place really reminded the barbecue place i was going to when i was living in tokyo.we ordered vegetables, different kind of meats and seafood. we had some cabbage, kimchi, bibimbap and garlic noodles on the side. everything was really good and tastya great restaurant to share moment with friends or family or colleague around a nice table. barbecue it's more expensive to what i was used to in japan but the quality was really good and it worth it in london prices. kintan is amazing! the atmosphere is slightly confusing as it is just like being in japan. while we were there there was a japanese salaryman on the next table who had drunk so much that he was falling asleep on the bench next to his colleagues - just like japan!! (^^)for the best value meat-joy come on a monday for their happy hour. some drinks and loooads of the food is 50% off, so you can eat yummy meat all night without paying a huge amount of money. gyu kaku knock off! only go if you're really really really craving yakiniku. service was meh, meat quality was ok. both the bartender and our server did not seem to know what they were doing - brought the wrong sake, missed one of our appetizer orders. don't get the butter corn, it's frozen corn and chalky. appreciated the late night happy hour, but then again maybe not worth it if not at happy hour prices. good quality and price, drinks half priced after not late! try the octopus balls!!!! yummy food with many choices of set bbq options. we went for the meaty one and omg...as expected...so much meat. the sweetcorn with butter and lettuce salad were the only veggies we got and both was yummy but i have to say the desserts and some members of staff were a let down. i ordered drinks repeatedly and they never arrived and the waitress didn't explain the desserts properly hence we ended up with 8 smores instead of smores for 4 people. when we tried to explain. she just said rudely said kitchen closed. no change. go for the food and don't expect too much in terms of service and you'll enjoy it. gave e this a go with some girlfriends for a catch up and it wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. service was a tad slow considering it was a tuesday night and it wasn't that busy. we went during happy hour and i think the meal would be very expensive if it wasn't even though it was three of us, we were told that the set meal was not enough and that we should order more.. and they weren't joking. i guess i am so used to the korean bbq i get in the states that anything else just feel over priced? i ordered the plum wine and cassie cocktails which i enjoyed especially at 50% off. i would go back cause i haven't found anything half as good as close to me. really cool japanese place with some similarity to korean bbq ... where you cook the meats you choose on a grill in the middle of your table. it's best if you order the specials for two (you get the most value that way). they also have great happy hour specials in late evening, which is a bonus! it can be a bit pricey - starts at 70 for two for the specials, but it is a lot of food. you can also order ala carte. the taste and quality is very good. you know it's authentic because japanese people are eating here! did not give 5 stars because price is a bit too high. we went there for lunch a few weeks ago on a saturday. we didn't book a table and just walked in. we were told there were about half an hour wait, which was fine and we decided to get drinks at the bar whilst we waited. before we had time to finish our drinks, our table was ready. great! we studied the menus thoroughly and we all decided to order different things. the lunch time offer is a bargain! then they started the bbq in the middle of our table :) and we started cooking! the seafood and meats were fresh and of decent quality. we all enjoyed our food very much and the waitress came several times to check on us, topping up our drinks and asking if everything was ok. we had a lovely lunch and enjoyed the japanese decorations and ambiance. i am stuffed!! came here for the lunch happy hour menu for 4. himawari set. japanese bbq, didn't quite know what to expect, but it was quite good, similar to korean bbq. there was different cuts of beef, chicken and some pork and prawns, sweet marinated for you to cook over a hot grill.i liked it, however thought it could do with more selection of sauces, and some beef chunks were slightly too big and chewy to take it in one mouth full. the sides like the garlic rice, and the starters was good and offset some of the sweeter bbq dishes, great with a cold pint of beer. confused with the french fries, but that was woofed down just the same.the dessert was different, kind of heavy still, i would have preferred fruit or something acidic.  the venue is much larger than it seems from the outside. and vented really well, so it should be for indoor bbq. staff was kind and helpful, showed us what to do and patient with our requests. quite efficient operation they have. tip: ask for your grill to be changed once it starts getting charred, or your meats will start to taste burnt. a place where meaty comas are made.kintan is a japanese bbq whereby you cook many dishes on a bbq hotplate. raw seasoned meat and other dishes are brought out in an endless train. you cook the dishes as you wish to enjoy them and that's pretty much it. it's very easy and quality of the meats is top notch.the interior is lovely and homely. sadly the same couldn't be said about the bathrooms. considering how good the restaurant itself is, the mens toilets were dreadful. tiny and poorly maintained.staff were quite good. however as the restaurant got busier, it took longer to get the staff's attention. requests for water were forgotten. luckily however they didn't forget any of the food.for those worrying about leaving hungry, you'll eat plenty. no worries about that. do you know that japanese have their own bbq style?you dont!!!!!!!!!!!! well then kintan is the best way to discover it.they have one of the most comprehensive menus in town and even useless people like me (i must admit that most of the time is my partner you does the ordering) are somehow able to order food. my favourite of all - beef tongue (dont pull that face now). super yammy and it does not taste like tongue at all - it taste like chicken :p naaaah just pulling your leg. but it is really one of the best dishes and you will for sure enjoy it.additional to all the great meats you can also get veggies and fish which you can also grill. added to all the grilling are some japanese transitional dishes which are very well prepared.top all of the with an extensive drink menu and all those happy hour deals and i am sure you will enjoy the place as much as we do. you know you are onto a gem of a place when you speak with japanese people and they all come here to eat? yes, indeed.good points:-the meats are marinated in an excellent manner ensuring that you will have finger licking good food.service isn't too bad considering we were politely told the next group booking is waiting, and we were allowed to eat our birthday cake.big menu list allowing you to order even the randomest meats, like ox tongue, tail or something or another. if you want some korean bibimbap? they have it. you want smores for dessert? they have it too.bad points:-food is overloaded with msg, so make sure you either buy a lot of alcohol or prepare to drink a lot of water.it's quite pricey if you want to gorge yourself on meat. for my group of 10 we paid 52 per person including service charge, although yes we ordered a few sake, plum wine, and wagyu beef.they do not really advertise their deals enough. i think i saw in the toilets that tuesdays are student nights and wednesdays are ladies nights. then there are the happy hours on certain days when you get half price drinks.i really liked wagyu beef and the spicy kalbi pork. if you order lamb it only comes in two pieces. the mushrooms are not worth ordering (unless you really like them?). the precooked noodles are really good.closest station is chancery lane, or holborn. booking is allowed. not bad if you want some japanese bbq action. yes you cook it yourself, but they do come and change the grill to a clean one at least once during your 2 hour stay. basically gyukaku but i don't mind since i love gyukaku. i really liked this place, i've been looking for yakiniku in london for years!i ordered the short rib kalbi, the spicy pork, and the spicy chicken. spicy pork was my favorite, its fat dripping down the grill was the most beautiful sight i have seen in a while (i know, pork fat and beautiful usually don't go together). also ordered the garlic chicken noodles which came on a hot plate and sizzled into the crispness i prefer as i let it sit. the mushroom in butter was simple but delicious and i loved the soondobu! yes! yes! yes!!! or perhaps i should say hai! hai! hai!!!!i was feverishly looking for a japanese place that served more typical japanese things and not just sushi and after exhausting the first 100 results that came up on my yelp mobile app, i came across kintan and to my surprise, this place was meccha umakatta!!! (super delish!!!) it's a yakiniku joint and if you've never been to one, you basically order a bunch of different types of marinated meat and you grill it yourself in front of you; very similar to the korean bbq places. in addition to the meat party, you get a whole bunch of sides like karaage (my fave), takoyaki, hiyashidofu and gyoza. don't know how to select??? no problem!! they also have set menus!!! but if you are already familiar with yakiniku or you are with japanese, they can help you out :) my recommendations for this place??? you got it!!1. kalbi (actually this should always be ordered no matter where you are!!)2. garlic harami3. beef tongue (eaten with salt and lemon)4. karaage6. spicy cucumber7. sukiyaki bibimbab (of course with spice!)of course all of this can be downed with a bottle of kirin ichiban!!now... let's talk prices... i didn't know this until we got there, but we were there for happy hour and let me tell you know, this time is very happy!!! it's not just a few select items, but most of the menu is up to half off!!! i couldn't believe it and i will only go here for happy hour since it's almost every day with monday's being all day happy hour!! does it get more happy than that!?!! having just come back from tokyo, i was eager to try this spot to compare. for not being in japan - i was super pleased. most of the staff is japanese so i got to practice some of the language (well the little) i picked up while i was there. the lunch menu is set - and there was a group of 4 of us and we each chose 2 meats. it was probably as close to yakiniku you can get over here. the sauces were fantastic, and the cuts of meat were pretty good. they even have a smore option to do over the grill!  i loved it and will go back when i'm craving some japanese food! went there with two of my friends on a monday evening. however we still waited for 20min for a table. the stuff are super friendly and polite. the menu was a bit overwhelming because of all the choices that we have. we go for the meat lover set for two person and ordered some starters and a garlic fried rice. the meat were great and everything was wonderful including the yuzu beer. i will definitely come back soon. casual japanese bbq spot. came here at an odd time in between their lunch and dinner hours for some drinks and light apps, but the food was so good we made a legit meal out of it. despite the bar area being standing only, i highly recommend eating at the bar. it offers an amazing all day every day happy hour deal. half off asahi on draft, hot and cold sake. 50% off a large selection of apps, rice, noodle and dessert dishes off the regular menu. super nice bartender. eat at the bar!spicy tofu - cold tofu dish with a single slab of tofu topped with a sweet red chili sauce and crunch. i don't know what that crunch is. all i know is that i was basically licking the bowl clean of the crunch that had fallen off the tofu. i'm not a huge tofu fan but i highly recommend this dish. steamed chili gyoza - 5 pieces on a platter. similar sauce to the spicy tofu dish, but without the crunch.sukiyaki bibimbap - comes in a piping hot dish that continues to sizzle and cook as you eat it. don't touch that bowl, i know from experience :( wait staff execute a tableside preparation of mixing the egg into the rice. came here last may with a classmate because we were hungry, lost, and confused on our first day in london. it was a fun experience grilling our meat to our own liking. it was pretty pricey though, with my tab being 24. i didn't order that much, so not sure what went wrong there. they were very nice and helpful to us americans. it would be a great place to socialize for sure. went there for a lunch with my brother. i love the desert but not some of the meat in the set menu, should have order ones instead of set menu.the price is a bit expensive and didn't realise there is a 6.88 service bill at the end. delicious food. the whole process of cooking your own (high quality) meat is super fun. the regular food is pretty good too and great value for money. definitely the best japanese restaurant in london! bbq and chicken are really authentic!! will come again!! one word for this new japanese bbq place: yummy! the environment is very nice, modern and relax here. great place for a proper catch up with small group friends ( normally 4-6 ppls per grill table )their meats are marinade nicely, even their table sauces are homemade and super yummy.they are doing some set menu deals now and good value for money too! surely come back for more! i highly recommend this place! london is unbelievably expensive, but this place is a gem. if you come after 9 and eat at the bar it is incredibly cheap. despite the price, the quality is great. i felt like i was transported back to japan due to the quality of food and atmosphere here. food are really fresh!!!the one thing not good is there are not enough people to serve so the service is not efficient enough. an affordable option for pretty authentic japanese bbq in london. their lunch specials are a really good value. if there are only 2 people their meat lovers dinner special has lots to eat an a good price. plus it comes with smores at the end! i turned back after the horrible attitude from the hostess. can't have the first person you see be so unpleasant. we ordered the kintan course set menu for 2, which is a rather steep 39.50 a head. the benefit being that you get a bunch of signature dishes and it works out cheaper than ordering them separately from the a la carte.our starters of edamame, miso soup, kintan salad, brilliantly named tuna tartar volcano and garlic fried noodles all came first and all underwhelmed with the exception of the salad, which had a lovely soy, mustard, miso dressing. the noodles were very bland and uninspiring with hardly any veg or meat and the tuna tartar was served on a dense block of fried rice that tasted like a savoury doughnut. off to a bad start.then came the meat. lots of meat.the fillet mignon, marinated in yuzu ponzu and the garlic tiger prawns were first to hit the grill. our very friendly waitress from new york advised on cooking times, which were all very safe. we ignored them and cooked by eye. next came plates of thinly sliced and beautifully marinated premium kalbi short rib with tare sweet soy, harami skirt steak with miso and (bizarrely) two chunky slabs of halloumi. delicious! very impressed. although it's my first time trying japanese bbq, i do believe that the food here is authentic japanese bbq, as i've noticed that most guests (i'd say 90%) in the restaurant are japanese. happy hours from monday-friday!!	1	1	1	0	0
 i would certainly have given 5 stars had the service been better. after being seated half an hour past our reservation we were asked to move to the bar for our desert. unacceptable. the food, however was outstanding! a good place for dates, dime lights and lounge music. south american style decor.food is o.k., it's relatively over priced. fab fab fab fab place. went here for a date with my hubby dearest .. we started with crisp glass of albario. the fried calamari is brilliant and quite different to the ones you usually get it. the ceviche trio was awesome and refreshing. with food so good, we got greedy and over ordered the prawn tempura.. it was so light and great. for the mains, we had the spicy beef fillet and the tiger prawn. the spicy beef is the best piece of meat i have had till now. it was out of the world. the service is what blew my mind. the staff are brilliant, they are always there to attend to you yet not hanging around you. very unpretentious place that serves great food and has fab staff. totally totally recommend this to anyone .. must try this place i came here with a large group of friends to try their sunday brunch menu. i don't think any of us felt particularly welcome, but although the service felt a bit off, the yummy food means they still deserve 4 stars.for the brunch menu, they'll bring starters and dishes to share, so you just need to choose a main dish...then more sharing deserts are presented last. everything we tried was gorgeous. i loved the cerviche the edamame, the meaty skewers and the calamari. i shared mains with my friend so got to try the roast lamb and the sea bream...both of them were delicious. other good points:- you can have bottomless champagne for 20. they were very clear that they would not serve the bubbles until we had food...and that when we received deserts, that would be our last top-up. all the rules made it sound like they were going to be stingy with the bubbles...but they were pretty good at keeping our glasses full! - for some reason, just after we finished out mains, there was a magician who came around to show us some card tricks!! strange things:- the waiters seems just a bit cold and odd. - the menu is a little bizarre. you just have to choose a main dish...and they have options for 36 or 46. and then they have other options for +10 (so i'm not sure why they don't list them in the 46 menu!?) it is all a bit confusing. up and coming peruvian restaurant. posh and chic.what sets apart is the quality of food at coya.strategically positioned on the edge of piccadily (118), there is a special function room at the parlor level. the bar and restaurant is one level below ground floor. cloak room is also situated on the lower level.i didn't hangout at the bar but it looks well stocked the food is really nice. out of the 7-8 things we have ordered and shared, only one was not at par. ceviches were good - the only complaint is the size of the plate.we ordered sea bass which was fantastic. beef on a skewer was equally mouth watering. must try.our service, bar few small delays, was pretty good.a must visit visited coya mayfair our first night in london and by the time we left, it ranked as the best meal we had during our stay. food, ambiance and service were outstanding. having never before dined on peruvian food and needing some guidance with the menu, our server could not have been more informative and accommodating. he was right on target for the amount of food to order (he even said our 5 dishes shared, should be sufficient and to not over-order!) and the selection was perfectly balanced and matched to our taste. we enjoyed every delicious bite of yellowfin tuna ceviches, yellowtail tiraditos, josper octopus, pork back ribs and a side of broccoli. can't rave enough about coya! not to be missed when in london. i loveeeed the place it's the type of atmosphere i love . it's big the entrance is very artistic very london hipster chic . the food it's a hit or miss . some things we looooooved like the potatos the octopus some we hated we had a meat plate we didn't like. i suggest ordering a couple of things and sharing. one of my favorite spots in london still amazing place. service was amazing. i judge places by how long a dirty dish says in front of me. at this place, tonight, no longer than 30 seconds. can't believe we got a seat at the ceviche bar. we happened on the white party of the year. unfortunately we only had black (it's london) delicious. 5 star cocktails. mix of ceviche highly recommended, as well as beef! desserts could have been better to be honest, they are very average i wouldn't say they are the same quality as the mains and starters. especially for what you pay. i'm sure this is a lovely restaurant but given how hard it was to book for a friday evening and how unhelpful the staff were i am not sure what the dining experience would be like. nice peruvian restaurant. nice decoration.nice service. peruvian food. very special. prices are acceptable. ceviches were a hit. the chilean sea bass was like butter melting in my mouth. the desserts were mediocre. only big minus was the incredibly loud live music that was playing in the members' area. it was too loud to have a conversation without shouting at the top of our lungs. we loved absolutely everything about this restaurant, which was recommended to us by our local foodie friend. we were in town only for six days, so i planned our dinners very carefully. made reservations knowing very little about peruvian food. i am not sure i know now to distinguish a peruvian dish from a non-peruvian one, but i can most certainly attest to the fact that the food was delicious, wine list impressive, service was absolutely impeccable (thank you, kinga!) and the ambiance - perfect. we ordered every vegan course on the menu, and there were quite a few options. what a great recommendation (thank you, tim!). london definitely makes me hand out one 5-star review after another. who would have thought! another must visit. coya was quite the surprise given the lack of hype about this place. having been invited, i wasn't sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. being a peruvian restaurant, you have to try the pisco sours - and the range is long and excellent, as is the wine list. i confess that i drank quite a bit, so cannot remember a great deal about the meal... except that everything was delicious, the flavours of the ceviche were excellent... and little else. oh dear - it just means i must make another trip. 4 stars as we were hearded from our table to a rather soulless bar after 2.5 hours. this was in the top three meals i had on my monthlong europe vacation--and considering one of them was restaurant gordon ramsay, that's saying something. it was pricey, but the food and service was well worth it. our waiter was a bit eccentric yet extremely enthusiastic about the menu.the ron jeremias was one of the best cocktails i've had--sweet and tangy with a generous slice of passionfruit on top.from worst to best raw dishes: lubina clsico, atn chifa, pez limn. that last one (yellowtail tiradito) was a definite highlight.from worst to best warm dishes: arroz nikkei, broccoli, spicy beef, octopus.for dessert, the chocolate fundido and caramel con chocolate were very solid and more than satisfied our sweet tooth.overall, everything ranged from decent to fantastic. would love to return next time i'm in london. unfortunately, we experienced the worst service in london here. the food was not super amazing but nice. we reserved here on the recommendation of the staff at the ritz where we are staying. first, the tables are way to close together. i get they want to maximize space/ revenue but the restaurant was not full and we were on top of the other table. not even a foot in between. this would not have been that huge of a deal if the server (not our server) wasn't friends with the people at the table next to us. she kept sliding in between the tables and putting her bottom inches from my plate and uncomfortably close to my face. i swear she almost sat on our table at one point. some might find this appetizing, i did not. the first time it was mildly annoying but i waited for her to leave and continued with my meal. after the fourth or fifth time my patience was gone and i asked her to move so i could get out. i did mention this to a man i assumed to be in management and the waitress as they happend to be standing together by me and they apologized in a defensive way saying it had already been addressed. well if it was addressed how come no one apologized before i mentioned it. also, really how can a waitress have so little common sense to begin with? additionally, we ordered drinks with call liquor at a cost as described in the menu. we asked for this liquor to be prepared as a cocktail and we're subsequently charged to make the liquor into cocktail. on the bill it appeared to be rung up like it was an additional drink. they told us the charge was accurate because they made it a cocktail. i have not seen this anywhere else and there was not a notation in the menu that if you want the liquor mixed or as a cocktail it is extra. is the glass extra because if so perhaps just take the bottle and pour it in my mouth. really??!!! honestly, it's not the money. we have a very short time here and just wanted a nice meal/experience and were more than happy to pay for it but spending 200 pounds and being disappointed is just that disappointing. the 23 pound automatic gratuity added was a joke. i presume we could have asked for it to be removed/ adjusted but we were so over being there we paid and left. we wanted a fun evening and we ended up feeling ripped off and disrespected. my husband and i were on completely different pages (not unusual) after dining at coya last month. whereas i'd give coya 3 stars, he'd give it a 4.5. ultimately (and obviously) i decided to go with 4 stars.ambiance: we went for dinner and the place filled up around 7pm, right when we arrived. coya is dark and sleek and a probably not a place for a child (who was with us, as she most always is).service: good. the waitress was friendly. the one thing i didn't like was her recommendation to order 2 appetizers, 1 entre, and one dessert per person. if we'd followed her suggestion we'd have had way too much food.food: there were hits and some misses.-- pollo tacos - these are tiny. i mean each is probably 2 bites. i didn't try these but my daughter loved them so much she ordered another. i cringed since they were very overpriced.-- papa seca - this was interesting. i couldn't taste the egg and instead just tasted potatoes. i don't think this was a hit for anyone at the table.-- lobster - this came over rice and was very good. a bit chewy but we all still enjoyed this dish.-- lubina chilena - the seabass in this dish was delicious! perfectly cooked.-- patatas bravas - terrible. definitely don't recommend this greasy side.-- asparagus - nothing special and i don't want to think about how much we paid for 6 stalks of asparagus.pricing: most tapas places lean towards the expensive side and coya is no exception.overall: not sure i'd return here but apparently my husband wants to back. i'll let you guess who'll win that battle. :) great peruvian food, unique dining experience. the bar is also great, with awesome cocktail selections. place is open till very late, and is usually packed so make reservations in advance. this place is sexy. sleek on top, speakeasy on the bottom and the food? oh si si si! the best peruvian i've had outside of lima. they have multiple versions of ceviche, tiradito, all the classic small dishes (e.g. anticuchos, causa), meats, fish, an extensive bar menu and a stunning-looking dessert menu (see: coyarestaurant.com/resta - um mousse de lucuma? lucuma mousse, passion fruit, yuzu sorbet and sesame seeds... wow.) oya coya! had higher hopes. the serivce was average, food took longer than it should have taken to arrive and the emply dishes and dirty plates would build up as nobody wanted to take them away. the serves loved to pour the wine at such a rate that by the time the main came, the bottle was finished - for two people drinks at the bar and one bottle of wine should be enough. when food did arrive, the servers would whisper what the dish was so we had to ask again. the food was ok, nothing amazing, very small portions. won't be returning anytime soon. came here with a client expecting a great experience and leaving disappointed. the food was great (we had the chicken skewers, pork belly, spicy beef, and chicken entrees). the service on the other hand is terrible, we had to ask for water six times. having flown from ny the day before i was dehydrated and not happy at all. wouldn't come back or recommend to any of my colleagues. absolutely amazing food. was a real experience. we asked the waiter to choose a selection of food for us and we got to try lots of new things. felt really well looked after!it was very pricey but i feel like it was worth the experience. would definitely go back, but not before saving some pennies! great ambiance, good service, and food was delicious, although coming from nyc, it felt a little overpriced for what it was. try the ceviches. we were a group of five and our bill came out to be 54 per person.the good:- i don't have much experience with peruvian food, but everything we had was fantastic!!- this place is for sharing. i don't remember everything, but between the five of us we had 3 ceviches, 2 tiradito, 1 antichuco, 1 salad, 2 vegetable dishes, 2 mains, 4 pisco sour and 4 coffee/tea- the 3 ceviches we had were excellent, we got lubina clasico (sea bass), atun chifa (yellow fin tuna), and another one with truffle that i cant seem to find online. my favorite was the truffle one.- for toradito we had conchas (scallops) and atun nikkei (yellow fin tuna). i really liked the tuna.- for antichuco we had the tiger prawn, which was unimpressive.- for salad and vegetable, we had corn salad, asparagus and broccoli. i loved the corn salad!- for mains, we had chicken and sea bass. i honestly think we should have just gone for more ceviches and toraditos since i thought they were just alright.- pisco sour was pretty strong and goodthe bad:- we had a reservation at 6pm and it was obvious they were trying to hurry us up throughout the meal so the next table can be seated. in fact, we were actually told that as the waiter hurried us to order. then different waiters kept coming by and asking if we are done, even though there were still food on our plates!- they try to add hidden charges without asking. we had chips and guacamole while waiting for a friend and they ordered is two servings without asking. then, if you don't ask them to stop, they will keep refilling your still/sparkling water which are 5 per bottle. these are minor since it adds up to only a few pounds per person, but i never like it when restaurants do this. unfortunately i chose to arrive here late. my bad. atmosphere great. service attention while they were trying to get ready to close, poor. quality of food - excellent to average. speed of food excellent. weird thing. i ordered three things: tuna taco, pollo(chicken) taco and chips with shrimps and guacamole. received: tuna ceviche, veggie tacos, tuna sashimi and an empanadas croquette dish i couldn't identify. bottom line come early, verify your order twice and you should have a good time! assuming you're ok with loud latin music, which i love and is why i came here! looking back i really enjoyed our meal and the evening. there were some dishes (tuna ceviche, duck, spicy beef) that i had that were absolutely fantastic. others also thought the scallops were equally great -i didn't have that. interesting wine list if a bit pricey in areas. it's a big expensive night out but i'll go again. never have i been to a place that got it so right with the food and so wrong with the service. the food is absolutely amazing. this is the second time we went for the tasting menu which exceeded expectations. however, we went there with some senior family members and the service was unusually rushed. dishes kept arriving before we were even half way through the previous serving. when we requested our server to slow down, he told us that he was helpless since he could not control the kitchen. we had to actually threaten to walk out before the food service slowed down to a manageable level. we had to repeatedly keep asking for fresh cutlery and serve our own wine since the staff was either inattentive or unavailable. on a positive note, the place is bursting with energy and our sommelier recommended some great wine. what a pity that there is such lack of attention to detail at such a fancy venue... buddha bar for peruvian cuisine.peruvian food is all the rage and this uber chic and trendy place at the top of piccadilly is the place to be seen and scene. gorgeous decor of rich dark wood and warm accents go with the sexy cocktail list. coya is definitely aiming for the bar scene here though its infusion peruvian menu was extensive, and quite good -though not amazing. ceviches are the strong suit here as are there small bites. service was friendly though also not amazing. it took a while to get the orders in. and if you sit on the back near the open show kitchen you will hear the constant shouting of 'service' from the staff awaiting food pick up.but for atmosphere and menu this place rocks and is a great time. expensive, yes, but where in mayfair isn't. the upstairs members only lounge club looks like its worth getting to know someone for a peek in, but if not the bar and restaurant will do just fine for a good time. worth a shot. and by that i mean a tequila shot... this is the number one place to eat in london (in my eyes!)the spicy beef is addicting.. you literally cannot get enough! and the sea bass.... i cant say enough!there is something for everyone on the menu! very pricey but well worth it! excellent service, suprme food. i only give 3 stars because the lady wine captain charged me 6 bottles of wine when i only had 4. honest mistake ( maybe??) but when she was proven wrong she insisted i had 5 (before she said " you had 6 or perhaps 5 "although she could only show 4 empty ones :). she never apologized. thankfully the manager did.	0	1	1	1	1
 awesome pub! my wife and i were visiting from new york, and are admittedly not the curators of london cuisine, but we had some great food and a great time! this place was awesome. maybe our favorite pub while in london. it's situated in a business/financial/commerce area and is the site of where the money used to be counted for the stock exchange (thus, the counting house!). service was quick and friendly, the prices were average, but we felt the end justified the means. in terms of ambiance, we just loved this place. it has this awesome glass dome up top, a wraparound lofted second floor, and a huge island bar in the middle of the ground floor. we had a great time and everything tasted wonderful. notes for outsiders (like us!): there is traditionally no wait service at pubs in london (probably everywhere in the uk? i can only speak to london) but there are some areas with wait service at this pub. otherwise, you order and pay at the bar and the food is brought to your table. the ordering and paying also takes place at the same time. additionally, tipping is a whole different ball game here. what most of the locals and others explained is that tip is not expected but is appreciated and you typically just round off your bill with the tip. for example, if you bill is 27.50 pounds, you can be nice and just give them 30 and call it even. maybe we're wrong, but that's what everyone seemed to be doing.now, a vast number of the pubs in london are "fuller's" pubs. i never really understood this entirely, but it basically means that the menu and beers are extremely similar everywhere you go with slight deviations (a different pie here, a different beer there) but we were a little confused when so many of the pubs (despite having different names) were nigh carbon copies of each other as far as the menu went. we didn't complain, because it was all great and we were having great experiences, but that was definitely noteworthy. vip dubai escorts services dubai+971588404867you should try our dubai escorts services this is new indian escorts horizons provide your hotel room and for your sex time that you can try in pakistani escorts in dubai city. ambience: five (5) stars - classy old world pub styleservice: five (5) stars - professional, friendly and accommodating food: five (5) stars. in our group we tried "steak & london pride", spicy chicken madras" and "posh stargazy" (seafood). all were outstanding. the brown gravy that accompanies the pies is absolutely delicious (secret: lots of butter (according to the chef; we asked). overall: five (5) stars!!! i needed steak pie and mash for my london experience and we stopped in a bit late perhaps. what do you say about a place that's done it the same way (well) for decades? i enjoyed the interior atmosphere and history...a beer served quickly is all it takes, and they got that. it doesn't get more british than this!the counting house is formerly a bank where they would "count the money" from the nearby london stock exchange. we had lunch there on a weekday and the place was packed with local businessmen. traditional pub food at reasonable prices. we encountered the biggest "chip" on our trip, here. large pub with plenty of seating both upstairs and down. the ceiling and interior is amazing. great fun! i've always loved this pub since i started coming to london. the decor, staff, and fullers beer is excellent. i have no idea why i have not eaten here yet, but it needs to happen. i always enjoy my time here however short of long. one of the most beautiful pubs i've been to anywhere in the world. the only downside is that there is no outdoor space to hang out at all :( having lived and worked in the city of london for many years this is one of my favorite places for lunch and an after work beer with friends. the building once housed a bank, thus the name, and the interior still shows the architecture of that time. the food is your usually pub fair dominated by a pie filled menu, plus sandwiches and nibbles such as nachos and potato skins. lunchtime will be dominated by the local office crowd, so it will be crowded. we found this place on yelp. thanks yelp community! i am probably the only person in the uk that doesn't like beer. i ordered a gin and tonic and i would suggest following the waiter's suggestion and get a double. the drinks are *not* strong...a single seemed like less than the standard 1 1/2 oz and the tonic is in it's own bottle (which you will pay for separately from the gin). i did enjoy the drink though. the place is very big and has lots of ambiance. staff are very friendly there. the fish and chips we ordered was very good. i will start this review by saying neither i nor my friend had the the pies which this place is best known for. the main reason for this is that the pies on the menu didn't sound that appetizing to me, i would have liked some more choice. i will say they did look good as they went out to the tables around us however. another thing that impressed was the decor in there, its definitely a tourist pleaser.after struggling to get the attention of the wait staff, despite the place being almost empty, we both chose to have the duck salad. it was quite good although i would have liked some more plum dressing and the duck could have been crispier.i would go back and try their pies but i'm in no hurry - there are many other great pubs and restaurants in the area that i would choose over this. one of the best pie shops in london, hands down. i'm not from the uk however eat here on all my trips and was first recommended by my local friends. atmosphere is very nice as it's an old bank. it's a bit loud and crowded as most pubs are in london so you need to overlook that and enjoy a good pie and a local brew!!!you won't leave hungry and disappointed. surprisingly nice pub for one of the "city" pubs, especially when it's not so busy. lovely friendly staff, decent selection of wines and beers. has a cosy feel and actually quite a big pub. even managed to get a table - bonus! great beer and service. pies were very tasty - loved the mashed potatoes and gravy! the interior is lovely and the pricing is fair. the sampler plate of pies is a great idea - the be vegetable pie was my favorite, followed by the steak (more like a pot roast). a group of us ate here last week while in london. we made reservations, which was good, because the place was *packed* mid-afternoon on a friday. the pies were very good. the service, while good, wasn't very attentive and seemed overworked. i would have liked a better selection of ciders, but since this isn't a "free" pub, maybe this is to be expected. pretty generic pub in a really nice building. it's 2-stories and the second floor is terraced so it has a really high ceiling. glass dome on the top and just really nice decor generally.the bar itself is beautiful and really long but with a fairly standard drinks selection and price. we were fortunate enough to grab a low table and some armchairs near the exit to the smoking corner but the main area (at 5 30 on a friday admittedly) was absolutely rammed and almost exclusively with guys in suits. a busy city pub within a really beautiful space. the counting house makes great use of its namesake bank building. the bar running down the center of the groundfloor is stunning and the upstairs is cozy and a great place to sit and chat with friend while sipping drinks. the nachos are tasty. the drinks aren't the strongest, but pass muster! i've been twice and would be content to go again. very nice indeed. i had an hour to kill, so popped in here for a pint of o&l (honest, it really was). a great atmosphere and a lovely old building. the staff were very friendly and the only other punters were a few stragglers from lunchtime/early leavers downing a couple of pints. compared to some of the zoos around this area, i would thoroughly recommend a visit. we went here for two experiences for the kids on our trip to london - a genuine english pub and fish and chips. the space is beautiful and fun to hang out in. the fish and chips...not really good at all. the kids were disappointed. however, my wife and i both had pies - my wife had the special pie of the day and really liked it and i had the "tasting board" which was three mini pies with small portions of associated beer. i really enjoyed it. if i were to go back i would definitely recommend the pies and not the fish and chips. the building is amazing. it has tall ceilings and has a really classic feel to it. the beers on tap is plentiful with nothing to complain about there. the food is really delicious. the pie i had was the size of half the plate and the pastry was light and fluffy. i would go back to eat that pie again...mmm pie. i would even go as far to say that the meals there are north american portion sizes.only downside for me is that it can get really packed and the people who pack that place aren't the friendliest (egotistical ppl who think they run dem tings) so you encounter a bit of attitude.highly recommended that you make a reservation for a table there if you plan to eat i really enjoyed my visit here. okay, i came late (after 9pm), so the place wasn't as busy as some of the reviews have mentioned, and the bartenders were very friendly and helpful. they even gave me a few tasters of the different fullers brews (brewed just 8 miles away). i enjoyed the old bank ambience of the 2-story place with lots of tables. late night people seem to hang and talk about things just like a nice traditional pub. all and all a good place with locally brewed fresh brews... i will definitely come back when visiting the city. quick glance:+ fantastic interior decor+ cider on tap available+ tasty pies+ roomy and spacious, great for catch ups- pricey drinks, but no more so than other city bars / pubsa colleague brought me here for lunch once and i was really pleasantly surprised. i have passed by the establisment dozens of time, completely bypassing the unassuming door. the pub, however, was converted from an old bank (prescott's bank built in 1893) and the interior is very grand indeed. it is worth going in for a drink just to see what a bank looked like 100 years ago.the pub is now part of fuller's, but there is nothing "corporate" about the atmosphere. they serve one type of cider on tap, which is hard to find in london! and their pies are simply delicious and come in generous serving - highly recommended.the venue is a lot bigger than it appears on the outside, although it does get very packed at lunch with city bankers. i recently went after work for a drink and had no trouble locating a table and getting serviced. their tables are well spaced so you don't feel like sardines in a tin. they don't have loud music blaring in the background so it is a great pub if you want to have a nice drink and decent chat. overall, i highly recommend this place lunch (please try their pies!) or a meet up with friend(s) over drink(s). seeing all the good reviews about food in this place, i got the feeling i need to come back ;)on my side, i can say this pub is great for after-work drinks, as it's huge !however, with such a big counter, i couldn't believe my eyes when i saw so few bartenders, and i had to wait for 10 minutes to get my order, which is slightly too long... insanely packed, but to be expected for a classier pub in the city. lots of selection in beer and cider. cool dome ceiling in the center of the pub. be prepared to get squashed during happy hour. ratio of men to women- 5:1. hear their pies are really good! had lunch here as part of a tour group. we sat upstairs, in what felt like more of a living room than anything else. had the bangers and mash. excellent spuds but mediocre sausages. go for the steak pie--it was huge and looked delicious. this is without doubt one of the most beautiful places you are ever going to find yourself able to get pissed in. the counting house, as the title suggests, is a rennovated bank located...in bank. the high-vaulted sealings, incredible period features and wood-panneled island bar are just some of the visual delights on offer.due to its location the counting house is generally populated by local city workers who come here at lunchtime or after a days toil. as such there is a bit of ego floating about the room but thankfully the size of the venue is able to contain it without serious disturbance or annoyance. for a more relaxing time come on the weekend when it's pretty much dead. the venue is amazing and the pies were definitely home made and fresh. service was quick for a thursday lunch. this huge, impressive and awesome (in the literal sense of the world) pub is incredibly popular with city workers, and those that chance upon cornhill whilst exploring the city. and it's not difficult to see why. there is masses of seating, both on the lower level and mezzanine. the highlight of the pub is the stunning glass dome in the ceiling that casts an omnipotent light over proceedings. they serve a wonderful selection of british pub grubs; their vast choice of pies are legendary, served swimming in gravy with mash and veg. this is hearty grub, done well. definitely worth a visit if you're in the area. went here on wednesday night as i thought they would have the football on. they didn't, apparently they don't have sky any more as its too expensive. was tempted to give them one less star as a result of this but we were able to watch it on chewy's phone so i let them off. there is a wide range of ale (honeydew was my favourite), a good outdoor smoking area, and the general ambience was favourable. have eaten bar snacks (meat platter) here before, very tasty, so all round a good pub. the building is pretty cool, as noted by other reviewers, but this is not of major importance to a pub in my view a solid 4 stars from me! i was really really impressed.a belter of a city pub. the interiors and the design of the place is incredible - something interesting everywhere you look and the ceiling is something to behold. you could be supping your pint somwhere much dingier in the city, that's for sure.it's a fullers pub, and smack in the middle of where the wealthiest people in the country go to work, so the drinks aren't exactly cheap! that said, it's not crazy extortionate.it loses a star for the hooray henrys you're forced to squeeze in with and the slightly shirty bar staff.ideal location to meet for a chat over a few pints - and to wow those who haven't been here before. go on, impress someone. i really like this pub. it's one of my favourites in the area. it's big, so it's not too full of suits. the bar is lovely, the staff friendly(ish) and the beer not too expensive. the building is so beautiful (it's the old banking hall), the giant glass dome is just gorgeous. if you're looking for an old pub, that's got enough room to breathe but still has character, this is where you should come. you'll drink too much real ale, get some decent food in you and leave happy. don't need much more from a pub, do you? an award winning restoration of an old city banking hall, thoroughly impressive architecturally and fullers beer on tap. join the bustle in the bar, watch it all from the quieter gallery above or mooch off to one of the rooms at the back for a more relaxed chat.this place is very reminiscent of the old bank of england on fleet street, they are both peter greenaway movie set beautiful.	0	0	1	0	0
 i don't know how this place doesn't have 5 stars! by far the best restaurant i've had in all of london! taste exactly like italy! if i ever get a chance to visit london again, i will definitely be coming back! recommend this to all! i had the bolognese pasta and the garlic cheese bread! yum!!! my husband and i visited london from mn usa. we are both vegans. we were out late one night and needed a late night place that served vegan food. we actually stopped by yorica for vegan ice cream first, and we asked the worker there for recommendation for vegan food in the area that was open. she recommended vapiano, specifically the (and i forgot what it was called) noodles with red sauce pasta. how it works:you get a card from the front desk. you go to the specific line to order the dish you want. they add it to your card. there is a pasta line, pizza line, apps line, drinks/desserts line. they add everything to your card, and you wait for your food, then find a seat. after you enjoy your dinner, you pay at the front desk. there is seating on the main floor, and then there is a lower level with even more seating! there's also a bar down there. the restrooms are also down there. very big and nice bathrooms. we ordered that dish she recommended. the noodles with red sauce. i also ordered the garlic bread. it was good. the noodles were really good. the sauce was just good. the garlic bread was delicious for breakfast the next morning. lol i cannot for the life of me understand why people think this over engineered and over priced labyrinth of chaos is worth going to. you queue in front of your chef (pizza or pasta) and then proceed to wait as the ten people in front of you have their food prepared. by the time it's your go 30minutes have passed and your friends (with made the smart move of ordering pizza) already sat down and finished their meal. my pasta was 12. 12. the colossal nature of the building also made finding anyone or anything highly fatiguing. this place is the demons cave and everyone has fallen for its facade of lies the concept of ordering your dish and being able to pick what items go into it and watching them make it in front of you is incredible. kudos to those chefs that have to deal with customers staring at them each time. i like the concept. however, this place can get packed and it's certainly not the most relaxing environment to be in if you're looking for a quiet dinner/lunch. it's also probably not the most fun looking for a place to sit when it's super busy. that being said, i think the food is very nice and they have multiple options for you, pizzas, pastas, and salads, all made fresh. went here whilst on holiday. the food was incredible, but the dynamic was different than that of a typical restaurant. when you get there you receive a card that you scan throughout the night which essentially totals to be your bill. you need the card to order food, and if the restaurant is busy you'll be standing around for a bit to get your pasta/pizza/salad dishes.my friend and i split our two dishes. she got the carbonara and i chose the monthly risotto special. both were bursting with flavour. what's great about the structure of the restaurant is because the chef makes your meal right in front of you, you are essentially able to ensure the meal is to your standards and is absolutely what you want.i recommend for a good eat, just would have rather known about the whole standing in lines upon lines for a meal prior to choosing the location. i enjoyed their fresh 'pomodoro pasta' in a stylish ambience! to be honest, it was a first vapiano visit for me so when i received a vapiano card i didn't know how to use it.my friends told me it's like a canteen style so you go to a counter where you order and a chef cook the dish in front of you! you need to choose what type of pasta noodle you want from a wide variety, which was quite hard!it was wonderful to see how the chef cook a pasta efficiently! it looked quick and easy but i know the chef needs to have good skills! oh, don't forget to place the card over a card reader once you order! that's the reason you receive the card!the dining area was a bit dark and wooden style furniture made a lovely atmosphere. the pasta itself was amazing! as i also tried my friends' dishes, we reached a conclusion 'simple is best!'i will definitely visit vapiano again soon! i quite like the concept of vapiano. main things i like1. you are given a card which is used to keep track of what you ordered and then you use it at the end to pay. 2. the menu is really easy to read and understand.3. food is made fast and queues aren't very long4. food is fresh and is made on the spot.5. the place is spacious and it's easy to find somewhere to sit.6. prices are decent. good value!i def recommend going to a vapiano. italian style restaurant in soho who cooks pizza, salad and different type of italian pasta. whereas i have already eaten pasta in this company and it was fine, this time i have eaten margherita. this kind of pizza is not like the neapolitan one because it is crunchy and all covered by their cheese. the pizza is big but it is hard to be digested easily. i totally love the concept of this company but the environment is not so good. you eat in a dark noisy part with a low ceiling where all the shouts resound. vapenos. i was in london for a couple of days and decided to try this restaurant when my partner had been the week before. as you enter they give you a plastic charge card. all you simply do is go to various stations within the restaurant and order your food and you give your card and they charge to it (like a tab). you can have up to 9 different pasta choices with different sauces for your pasta. they also do pizzas garlic bread and it is all very reasonably priced considering its fresh ingredients and cooked fresh. not forgetting some of the deserts at to die for. absolutely love vapiano, the whole concept is a refreshing change. on arrival you are given a card to which any food or drinks you order are charged, and you settle your individual bill on the way out. this works really well when there's a group of you, no awkward bill to try and figure out who had what! the main meals are pizza or pasta based and all are cooked freshly in front of you. choose the type of sauce, for example a bolognese, and the type of pasta you'd like from a choice of 9 different variants. extra chillies can be added to taste and fresh parmesan can be grated over the top. if you order a pizza, you're given a little vibrating device which goes off when the pizza is ready. of course desserts are available but each time i've been here i've had enough after my main course. waiters will bring drinks to your table or you can go to the bar. the peroni on draught was particularly delicious and 4.75 for a pint is reasonable for a restaurant in soho. great service, the freshest food, delicious beer. i'm sure i'll return here many, many times!! pasta is usually a safe bet as a vegan but when stumbled upon vapiano and found they even have special vegan dishes i was thrilled.  upon entering you collect a card from the host and head to the specific station (pasta, salad, etc) that you'd like to order. you place your card on a sensor which activates the card with your order they cook right in front of you and then you take your food to whatever table you'd like. once you finish your meal you take your card to front desk and pay. not fancy...but not fast food...just efficient and delicious. this restaurant is absolutely amazing.  i got to come here with some family friends during my trip to london. the way you order the food it a bit different.  you are given cards that you use when you go up and place your order and the food is cooked in front of you, then you take it back to your chosen seat and enjoy. when you are done you go to the front and give them the cards, make your payment and go. this is an italian restaurant so you get foods like pasta, pizza, risotto etc. which is excellent because i love italian food. the food is also a good portion and very filling. the only issue i had with this place was that it was quite loud in the restaurant and i found it difficult to have a conversation. other than that i really enjoyed eating here honestly, everything (at least very close to) everything about this place is perfect. at vapiano the food is literally made right in front of your eyes, except if you're having pizza. my personal favourite is their pasta which is always cooked directly by a friendly chef who's more than willing to customise your dish. i usually add extra spinach and cherry tomatoes, but go without cheese. the portions are huge and the price for what you get is tiiiiiiiny (like you can't even see it on your bank statement). the interior is good for a chain as it is clean and fresh but also cosy and there is plenty of seats and tables available. i've been here during the quiet tuesday evenings and the busy friday lunch hours and always found myself a place to sit and enjoy my food. the soft drinks you can get directly from the chef but they also have a bar for coffee and other beverages. i absolutely recommend this place for any occasion, but maybe not for a children's birthday party. ideal for lunch dates. i realize there seems to be a lot of hype about this place. what with their ordering system, of using a card then going to the food cooking stations, order your food and watch it cooked live in front of you, scan card and find a seat. i don't know, this concept works best in shopping mall food courts. i seen it work best at shopping mall food court. to bring it to a restaurant doesn't work as well. for starters, the food is getting cooked live and on a specific timeframe so there's bound to be mistakes, the most consistent one we found was the pasta in both our dishes needed another 4mins in salt water because it was all clumped together still. i ordered the pomodoro and choose penne pasta and it was essentially penne pasta, pomodoro sauce with a heavy onion presence. i mean heavy. my partner's bolognese was very unimpressive with that whole pasta uncooked thing. and you have the task of carrying all your food to find a spot at one of the dreaded share tables/benches. really this entire establishment is like a soho-fancy high school cafeteria. don't be fooled by my wonderful high quality pictures, tastes much worse than it looks. maybe the pizzas or salads might taste better but if they can't even get the pasta right, well not cool in my book, better places to go! this is by far the best place i've eaten at in london. came to visit my gf and wanted to try some pasta dishes around town. vapiano do not disappointment. the quality and taste is superb. i would recommended this to everyone back home in the states thinking of traveling to london. i don't know anyone who doesn't love vapiano.this restaurant is right in the heart of soho. it looks pretty small from the outside, but has a huge open area/cafeteria on the underground level.i ordered the cognac pasta (a white/red sauce mix) with chicken. and spelt fusilli pasta. delicious as always!fast and great service. freshly made ingredients. great! whenever i'm in the area this will be my first choice to eat! it's super affordable and the food is just amazing! i love the layout of this restaurant there is always a seat to be found and it's just nice to chill out after a busy day of shopping or sight seeing! one of the other great things about this place is if you choose the pasta option you basically have your own personal chef and you can customise your dish as you like! maybe i didn't really get vapiano, but i found it rather expensive for what you got and a pint of beer was 4.85, i did love the style of the place and where you could sit anywhere you liked, i also liked how they cook the food fresh right in front of you.it would be better if you could understand what the chefs were saying at times though, as i asked for a carbonara and somehow i managed to get a salmon carbonara, he asked me something which i could hardly understand and i ended up with another portion of salmon which cost even more. maybe if i understood more of what was happening it would have been better.i liked the vibe to the place though and it seemed a pretty cool to hang out and eat italian. maybe i'll have to give it another go sometime. service was okay, caesar salad is great, normal portion is quite big even enough for two. we ordered a pizza to share, spicy sausage on pizza are amazing! late night on the town of london i stumbled across vapiano. vapiano is in pristine condition from top to bottom literally. sits on two stories with a contemporary clean look. nonetheless i love the concept of fresh pasta being made in front of me, as i meticulously choose everything i will like to add. in addition food is bursting in flavor, with great bread and customer service to top things off. nevertheless vapiano has not seen the last of me .as in the words of arnold schwarzenegger " i'll be back" . ;) this place is simply fab!!they make homemade pasta and pizza alongside fresh salads, antipasti and homemade dolci. this place has a choice of 11 styles of pasta, all homemade.you're given a vapiano swipe card on arrival, you use it to register your order from our chefs who will cook your meal exactly how you want it, right in front of you, then you simply pay on the way out.this concept is great, the food is even better. i had chicken, ginger, chilli, sun blushed tomatoes and basil with campanelle pasta all cooked in front of you. all dishes are under 10. this place has some fab starters and deserts too. i was full up after my main so the desert will have to wait until next time.genuinely very impressed with this place. what's even better is that manchester is getting one of these this summer at the newly redeveloped corn exchange. the worse vapiano i've ever been too! the cook, a very short italian guy who's alway screaming, was so disrespectful and did not seem to care at all. my girlfriend didn't want any spices in her pasta, the cook just said that it's better when it's spicy and just added some chili in the dish... of course she didn't like it as she can't stand spicy food. by the way, i paid 2pounds extra for a spoon of beans and oigons and of cook didn't tell me anything... i've ended up paying 13 to eat tasteless pasta. also, we waited more than 10 minutes with our plates to find a seat. i wouldn't recommand this vapiano at all! my first time at vapianis and i hate the concept. first they give you a card at the door without giving you any instructions as to the purpose. i was with a large group and i was not paying much attention when i was handed the card. i misplaced mine and i was not given a new one, i had to go find it which was very awkward because it somehow ended up ob another party's table. we had to order food upstairs and stand around and wait till the food was ready before going back downstairs the sit and eat. the food was ovell nice and freshly made yet very bland! i got the roasted veggie and mushroom pizza. my pizza was unfortunately soggy as well. i would not eat here again. easy access, a lot of sittings, good for group and office lunch. but there's a longer waiting time at dinnertime, pasta was ok, a little bit sticky. how does this place have a good rating? the food sucks even tho everything is "fresh". honestly i've had much better pasta out of a 99p box. you have to wait in two separate lines for pizza and pasta, wait for your pasta to cook, and then haul all of the big heavy plates to your own table. serve your own water. there are tons of waiters and waitresses and i don't know why. i got the salmone it was so terribly bland even after i salted the hell out of it. yuck. the pizzas are tolerable but expensive for a boring and unflavorful slice. this place is terrible. oh and you wait in line not once not twice but three times! you have to wait again to pay the bill! atrocious. first time trying this place at a friend's recommendation.food - delish! i had the pepperoni pizza (salami) with parmesan and red chill, paired with a nice san pel limonata sparkling beverage! very good.service - so they don't really have table service here other than bussers, but i actually quite liked it! it's like an authentic pizzeria in a sense. they gave you an ordering card when you walk in and you take the card to whichever station you want to order from (pasta, insalate & antipasti, or pizza). everything is prepared on the spot and they give you a buzzer for when your food is ready. it's very nice, minimal fuss, and quite convenient on the go.ambience - although it's simple, it's also quite trendy! i really like the fresh basil and oregano plants on the tables and the rustics sort of lay out! it's also very big with seating spread out on two levels.location - right in the heart of soho just on wardour street! can't get any easier to find.prices - very very good! i paid 6.95 for a full pizza. quite impressive actually! vapiano in soho - a good, efficient, down-to-earth pasta (and pizza) restaurant with very friendly staff.vapiano recently opened a new branch in soho on wardour street, not too far from its other branch in fitzrovia. vapiano in soho looks unmistakably like a vapiano. if you have been to any vapiano restaurant before, you will know what to expect. the only detail i missed was a pasta machine on display - perhaps only because some of them are from a company called "gtz", which always makes me smile.when i walked in, i was given a plastic card as usual and went straight to one of the many pasta counters. i was served quickly by one chef in training supported by another guy who gave instructions - learning on the job. what i like about vapiano is that you can see that your dish is freshly made, and you can watch the chefs cooking your meal. of course, many components are prepared beforehand, but they are only put together after you ordered.once the cooking was done, i sat down at one of the high tables - everything just looks like at every other vapiano restaurant i know. in general, i like the clear design of the place and prefer vapiano to almost any other "fast food" chain. not least because you can grab some haribo gold-bears on the way out!the staff at vapiano in soho were really friendly, smiling, and up for a little chat. they were even funny. overall, i enjoyed this visit to vapiano as much as my visits to other branches before - perhaps even a little more because of the great and charming staff here in soho. visited vapiano for the first time having never heard of it before and i was pleasantly surprised. the pizza base was thin and the toppings full of flavour.  highlights were the bruschetta with various toppings and the pasta was some of the best i've eaten.  the ordering system is pretty interesting as well and it's another little touch just to make the experience a bit more memorable one of the best italian restaurants in london. i used to go there often when i used to live in london. my favorite dish is their pizzas. the good thing is that you can choose for your self what topping you want to have while they prepare it in front of you. the concept of the place is different than any other restaurants in a good and new way. and the food is worth trying for sure. good italian food, great and different concept! when you arrive, you're presented with a card (think oyster / rfid) on which you "charge" all your orders. then, after choosing what you want, you go up to the relevant counter - it's then made in front of your eyes; this means you can make additions, subtractions then and there and see them actually happen...and charged on your card (which you then settle on the way out). the food is also really good italian. you can't book, but there's loads of seating.the only downside is that from the outside it looks like a standard restaurant...if i'd have known better sooner, i'd have been here ages ago.	1	0	1	0	0
 talked to 2 indian girls sitting next to me and asked if there was anything on the menu they don't recommend. they told me both the items they ordered and were eating was an absolute no-noi ordered dal makhani, veggie burger and a garlic naan.taste: 4 starsservice: 4 starsvariety in menu: 3 starsquantity: 2 starsvalue for money: 3 stars the service is horrible. no one on the floor seems to know what they are doing but do their best to make it up as they go along. i blame management. that said... the food is damn good. dishes are a bit sweet but not overly such. the portions are perfect for two people and not too heavy on the meat or veggie side.one more word... cheesecake. just do it. you'll thank me later. we visited the toddy shop - the other side of the restaurant with their bar and where they serve their small bites between lunch and dinner. unfortunately we weren't there during happy hour so the drinks were on the higher end. i tried their lychee rose bellini which was yummy. waiters were attentive and the restaurant wasn't packed (being that it was midday on a weekday and it was raining outside). i came here for the food. the food is phenomenal. we got the dahi puri and the hakka chili paneer. the dahi puri was unlike anything i've ever had before - puffed semolina stuffed with a refreshing potato/chickpea salad. the dinner menu is very different. next time i visit ill get their coconut prawn dish. went for dinner after work, and we had a great meal. we ordered starters of prawn and chicken, and mains of butter chicken and garlic naan. at first, i didn't think it would be enough, but it turned out to be just the right portion. served in sharing style, the dishes had a creative twist to the traditional indian dishes. modernised but still indian, everything was flavourful and fresh. service was good overall. our dishes were served promptly, and the staff members were generally helpful. ambience was relatively modern and sophisticated. definitely not your average indian restaurant and appropriate for meals of any occasion, including corporate lunches or dinners. umm this place is amazing! the butter chicken, the garlic naan, all of it!great vibe in here and a fun place for drinks after work.cannot wait to go back on my next trip to london! nice modern indian fusion with some meat choices. lamb porridge was a bit salty but was balanced by the accompanied naan. rib was surprisingly good, crispy outside while tender inside. be warned it's spicy though. very reasonable priced for a nice meal out. this place is really rather excellent!in fact, i've been here a few times now.they have a really interesting selection of old school traditional dishes and more modern fusion options.i've tried quite a few different menu items and all of them have been great. the old school ones taste just like the stuff my mum used to cook and the new stuff is really tasty even if it's not sure of its identity!the decor is pleasant and the service is good even during busy lunchtimes, and i am looking forward to my next visit already :) recently there has been an uprise of more fancy indian restaurants, breaking away from the association of it being a cheap date option and therefore introducing modern and beautiful venues. chai ki is one of them. it's a nice looking restaurant with its high ceiling and spacious dining area although very generic looking with nothing associating with the cuisine. if you were to blindly walk in you would have never guessed what cuisine they were serving. it is still very quiet being in the new crossrail place that is not really in use yet so not many people have a reason to just venture in. but what differs chai ki from the other indian restaurant is that they serve more exotic and unusual dishes that you might not find at your local curry house. but with all these added luxuries there is always a price to pay. so was it worth it?bhel puri. a fantastic colourful dish with a lovely mix of texture. it had bursting juicy pomegranates, crispy rice and softer textures of potato and onions all coated in lovely mild spices. quite moreish if you're one to enjoy a bite.shakarkandi chaat it looked amazing but sadly they was very disappointing. the sweet potatoes were undercooked meaning the sweetness was very much masked. of course this affected its texture, missing out on the soft melting sweet consistency that i love. it was bland and under seasoned too and the yogurt did not do it any justice. dahi puri this was like a piece of creative art in my mouth. i very much enjoyed the delicate semolina shells slowly collapsing into my mouth releasing a lovely creamy sensation of sweet yogurt with a slight citrusy zing from the tamarind. delicious!haggis keema naanimpressive creativity to celebrate burns night. naan stuffed with lovely spiced lamb keema, beef and lamb haggis. the bread was doughy and fragrant with many complex flavours packed in there. the raita helped add some creaminess and cool down the heat. the turnip pickle didn't pair well with the naan but was lovely on its own to snack on.duck porridge this duck dish isn't for everyone due to its thick gloopy rough texture resembling just like it says, porridge but more grainy and savoury, a bit like houmous. it was very filling being quite dense but being a person who loves houmous, i very much enjoyed it, scooping it up with the brioche or even to eat it on its own with a spoon. the ingredients and flavours were very interesting, although the flavours weren't strong, you do get the taste of the unusual mix of rose water, cracked wheat cardamom and spices.konkan chicken this was a very mild and creamy dish. probably a dish for those who can't handle their spice as it's quite a sweet curry. it lacked depth and spices. the flavour was just too simple and a dish i could find nearly in any local curry house. it was a nice dish to have overall, but not outstanding or memorable. burnt ginger rice on the side of all the mains we ordered the burnt ginger rice. now this was lovely. the rice was moist and al dente. it was almost like i could taste the spices wrapped round each grain. the spices were light but just enough to give that extra kick of flavour when you enjoyed it with your curries and other mains.dhal fry this came generously and thick in texture. lovely notes of mild spices and the lentils cooked till soft and almost creamy. i could have eaten this alone with rice.masala friesthe most addictive fries you're ever going to find. the fries were so crisp and light they were almost hollow. the seasoning was light but flavourful allowing you to keep picking on them until they're all gone. they were not greasy or sickly. we even spotted a couple with a bowl each. we did very much enjoyed our experience at chai ki. service was a hit and miss depending on who is serving you. we had one waiter who kept rushing us and taking the menu off us before we had even finishing ordering. the other waiter was more patient and friendly, assisting us with a smile. but there's something important missing at chai ki, a lack of charm and character. it's like they half heartedly open this restaurant, serving some authentic and creative dishes but catering for the western tastebuds with sweeter and milder flavours and not allowing us to enjoy the full experience of indian cuisine. with more successful branches doing the similar thing but better, like dishroom that is also more wallet friendly, i rather go there. i had passed this place so many times tempted elsewhere but finally visited and was very happily surprised. the restaurant is beautifully decorated inside, the staff very friendly and attentive. the food was visually beautiful and colorful. i ordered from their bar menu; masala fries, masala beans, tikka chicken with salad and naan, all were fantastic. ant wait to go again but this time will look to their standard menu. the highlight of the night was definitely the dakshini korma (without rice). a creamy vegetarian curry, consisting of sweet potato, red and green peppers, courgette (although the menu said aubergine), mange tout, baby corn and crispy kale. all the different textures and flavours of the vegetables worked really well with the curry. the fragrance of the coconut together with the mild spices were really nice.the rest of food was good, but not quite enough to blow us away. it was also a little pricey for the food we had. i was thoroughly impressed w the coconut prawns but everything else on the menu was subpar. the guinea fowl appetizer was really gamey and the meat was a strange texture. the chicken tikka appetizer also was unimpressive- although light bc of the addition of the salad, it left a strange aftertaste that was unpleasant. service was amiss - ignored for periods at a time. recommend if you are craving indian and are in the area, but definitely not worth a trip. a very "britoshized" indian food. chili paneer was served on a salad bed. was tasty and healthy though. also got a side of dal fry (relatively more authentic) and matlab at paratha (again, no evident oil so that was good). would have liked the food to be a little more authentic indian that's why giving 4 star from my perspective. service was great! chai ki has just openend in the new crossrail place building near canary wharf (so make sure you head this way, behind canada square) and we love it! i have had loads of puri and chaat (see my pictures if you don't know this) when in south india and this was the (first and) best puri and chaat since then. we then had a very spicy (very nice) chicken dish with a lot of vegetables and chicken tikka naan. washing it away with a bethnal pale ale was great. although just open and not too busy on a monday evening there was a good atmosphere, kind staff, a bit loud but good music (even some goa trance i guess) and a great interior. when really open they should have three separate concepts and parts of the restaurant: a fastbar (for breakfast takeway), a toddy shop (kind of chaat place, more snacks and starters) and the dining room (for lunch and dinner, bit more quiet dining probably).the bill was very acceptable (actually lower than expected).definitely want to return here! i was skeptical about the food but after eating here, i think it's only fair for me to say that i'm wrong. the curry chicken was amazing so was the paratha. i guess the type of curry they serve err on the side of south indian curry, but don't be put off by it, give it a go and i think you might like having coconut cream in your curry now. it wasn't the cheapest place for the portion of food that it was serving, so i would say this is a slightly more expensive place to eat at. the atmosphere was just right, busy but quiet enough to still have a chat (i was in at lunch time peak hour!). if you're going at lunch time, it's likely that you'll be sitting on a bar stool with canteen style table, it's good but i suppose if you really wanted the standard sitting style they wouldn't mind setting up something for you. i hope when you try out chai ki, you'll be like me; murmuring in my heart "chai ki, you're amazing!" :) what a lovely indian restaurant!?! we headed here for a team dinner after a long day of work and it did not disappoint. all of the food was good with some exceptional standouts. the coconut shrimp curry main was absolutely amazing and i would have been happy with that as my entire meal. because we were a group of 8, we shared most of the plates. the only disappointment of the evening was the fried rice which wasn't nearly as tasty as i had hoped for.definitely worth a repeat visit. restaurant atmosphere was great!! one note. bar menu and sit down restaurant menu very different. food was great non veg and vegetarian. chef uses great combination of spices and sauces to create wonderful flavors.  one thing i did think was weird is we didn't quite finish our food and they wouldn't let us take it home!! i'm not big on wasting food so that was the only bad thing. other than that great service and food. the food is amazing here delicious :) i will definitely visit again. best indian food i have ever tasted. my friends and i started the night off with a reservation in the chai ki (toddy shop bar), and we immediately noticed the dim lighting and pleasant atmosphere. after indulging in a bottle of white wine and some naan bread, we were able to get a table at the main restaurant. the food was delicious and well made and the service was decent. i wouldn't say the same about the service at the bar, as one waitress forgot to let us know that a table was ready for us in the restaurant. overall, i had a good experience and would recommend this place. good vegetarian indian options, too! solid indian small plates fusion place in canary wharf which is an otherwise chain resto filled island - came here with friend for weeknight dinner and seated right away. we had butter chicken, the aubergine, paneer and kulfi ice cream. everything was solid, plated beautifully and came very very quickly which was nice and maybe a bit concerning. the only thing that distracted me abt the food was this green/black herb that was in all the food but gave it a bitter taste which was not my fave. the garlic naan was also a bit overdone but overall good food option in cw ventured down to beautiful canary wharf on friday to have lunch at chai ki. unfortunately this restaurant was a bit of a letdown.ambiance is great, beautiful clean lines and everything is new. unfortunately the acoustics are terrible and seating is close together, so be prepared to yell across the table in order to be heard.service is not good at all. it took forever for someone to take our drinks order, then we had to flag another person down to order food. servers aren't very friendly, which may be because they seemed to be very spread thin.food is mixed:-- bun tikki is a great concept but huge chunks of the sweet potato were undercooked. also, it comes with cheese, which i don't eat as i'm lactose intolerant. not sure why the menu doesn't mention this important ingredient but lists mayo as an ingredient. i had to eat around the melted cheese.-- shakarkandi chaat is excellent but very spicy. be prepared to eat this with your mouth on fire. i wish they could tone down the spice level because this was fantastic.-- chicken tikka naan was just okay per my husband. i don't eat chicken so i can't comment. he didn't finish this if that says anything.-- burnt ginger rice was delicious but came with sesame seeds on top. again, no mention of this on the menu and since i can't eat seeds / nuts (i know, i am high-maintenance), i had to request it to be made again. the manager(?) seemed irritated with me but i pointed out the menu should mention this ingredient, which it doesn't. she grudgingly replaced the dish but it took a while.-- green chutney slaw wasn't very good and it came with sesame seeds. sigh.overall: maybe chai ki is so new it's working out service and food kinks? i have no idea but i prefer masala zone or even roti chai. i doubt we'll return. just stopped off late afternoon here to grab a quick tea and do some work. the staff were a little on the officious side, coming over every few minutes or so, even while i was still drinking my tea and had said several times i didn't need anything else. the chai was a bit spicier than i usually like it too. that said, the ambience was nice and the food menu looked good. i'll have to come back another time to try it all. the tea is pretty much like the one served at roti chai. after all it is owned by the same owner. it is surprisingly huge. but what struck me was the fact that there was a sign in the bar written toddy in english and "kall-eh" in malayalam. after reading the owner rohit chugh's interview about the opening of this restaurant, i understood that his inspiration for the dishes in this one was malabar toddy shops and the food served around there. i must admit the ambiance is really good. great place to dine with a special person. great staff too. about the food, the dishes i tried were:dahi puri - en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dadal fry - this one is made of dark dal (lentil)malabar chicken curry - coconut milk in the gravy, creamy, yet spicy, thanks to the wonderful chillies.malabar porotta - en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pa this is what i expected, but what i got was paratha - en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pa. the latter has nothing to do with malabar. also had garlic naan - very thin crested naan, crisp and delicious the chilly fries - fries with some chilli powder sprinkled all over was served with a tasty dip, which i guess was a mix of mayo and some other sauce. its texture reminded me of southwest sauce from subway.we also had the masala chai, which was made with just the right amount of sugar. overall it was a lovely meal. and i'll definitely go there again. but some dishes like the porotta, really needs a proper malabari chef to make it. else it'll never be porotta. but that is for those who know real malabar dishes. for londoners who have barely travelled outside london, this will be amazing. we went out looking for a sunday breakfast in the canary wharf area which is close to home. the obvious choice is to try the breakfast club. we thought we'd chance the queues and give it a go considering we were fairly early - 1030-ish. but we were out of luck and the place was packed (as always) and we would have to wait for 20-30 mins for food. we were famished so we decided to roam. just next door we found 'chai ki' and the menu sounded really interesting at first glance. it is an indian take on classic british dishes. the best of course being the full nashta which is, of course, the full english breakfast. the bacon stays as it is - but thats all that remains the same. there is bun instead of toast, egg burji instead of scrambled, masala beans instead of beans and a spicy sausage instead of the regular one. of all the stuff, its the bun that wins as its toasted to perfection. reminded me of the paos back in india. for 11 quid thats the equivalent of a proper hinglish breakfast ;) the masala tea was a bit too masala-ed. the ambience was good though i didn't take a long look around. they do drinks as well with a 'kallu shap' sing behind the bar. will definitely be back again. this place is amazing!!!for example: the naan bread and butter chicken is delicious . all of the food is delicious.you have to try. operated by the same people behind roti chai, chai ki is an indian restaurant in the newly developed cross rail station in canary wharf. the cooking concept is similar to roti chai, mostly indian street food in an impressive spacious dining room with a toddy shop bar, the restaurant also serves breakfast which can be appealing to the local workers when you are after something different to your standard british/ european style breakfast. unlike most other indian restaurants in london, chai ki has a massive collection of craft beer, an extensive wine list and some very interesting and creative cocktails that are inspired by south asian flavours such as the chai & orange martini which the gin has, blended with spices.the menu comes in sharing plates and mains, so diners have the choice to mix and match, ordering 1 sharing plate as a starter followed by a main or simply go for a number of sharing dishes like you would in a tapas bar. the instant winner on the night was the dahi puri, the crunchy semolina shells were so light and crispy with a cool and refreshing yoghurt resting with nutty tamarind, my kind of summer dish. the mild spicy pulled pork paratha was also excellent, tender meat with the freshness of the coconut mixed wonderfully with the chilli and curry leaf. and just as good was the calamari, again lightly spiced, smooth with a peppery sweetness from the cane sugar and cumin.main dish of coconut prawns was a real full flavour dish, it had a wonderful mild spicy aroma with rich and creamy textures, it was not overpowering with the coconut milk, finely blended in with the turmeric and the sweet prawns. the weak link on the night was the duck porridge, while i did not hve a problem with the flavour, the texture was far too thick and heavy which was hard for me to consume. we were so full toward the end so ended up going for a light dessert, the mango kulfi ice cream lollipop was very creamy and buttery with the sourness of the exotic fruit adding a great balance.to sum it up, chai ki is indeed an excellent indian restaurant, it is hard to find a decent restaurant in canary wharf, mostly chains in both standard and premium territory so chai ki really offered something different, it is very good value, with small plates ranging from 7 - 8 and all mains under 15. the street food element of its cooking also made it very approachable and easy to understand of what the restaurant is offering, so if you are a fan of modern indian cuisine at an affordable price in canary wharf, look no further than chai ki. chai ki really impressed me with their level of tasty indian food and elegant ambiance. came here on a saturday night for dinner and decided to go in the back restaurant bit for a more formal feel. though we loved the food on the bar menu you can't order from both menus, which was a disappointment. for starter we got goan prawns, and they were absolutely delicious. i wish there were more than 5 pieces because it really kept me wanting more. i got butter chicken and my boyfriend got the gohst. butter chicken unfortunately only comes with 5 pieces but nonetheless it was great butter chicken. my boyfriend got the lamb dish and it was a huge portion side which was perfect. as for drinks they are all delicious and i would definitely recommend the mango caipirinha!!! chai ki is a great restaurant, which i definitely would recommend though next time i will definitely want to check out the bar menu horrible experience we were staying close to this restaurant so that's the only reason we were there..staff is rude.. wouldn't even bring us a glass of water after asking repeatedly for water..the waitress called us rude because we insisted on being served water ..she said we were american and she knew we would be rude..wow!! i didn't know expecting service meant we were rude ! don't go here especially if you have small kids they won't give you a spot to sit with the stroller or even have high chairs.. pretty much i held a sleeping baby in my arms while i ate left handed across the baby while this waitress harrassed us ..when we complained to the manager on duty he offered to take off automatic gratuity.. amazing !! i might be a rude american to these people but i m not dumb..they are just jerks that don't know how to take care of their customers..go to america you may learn something about manners!!horrible experience we were staying close to this restaurant so that's the only reason we were there..staff is rude.. wouldn't even bring us a glass of water after asking repeatedly for water..the waitress called us rude because we insisted on being served water ..she said we were american and she knew we would be rude..wow!! i didn't know expecting service meant we were rude ! don't go here especially if you have small kids they won't give you a spot to sit with the stroller or even have high chairs.. pretty much i held a sleeping baby in my arms while i ate left handed across the baby while this waitress harrassed us ..when we complained to the manager on duty he offered to take off automatic gratuity.. amazing !! i might be a rude american to these people but i m not dumb..they are just jerks that don't know how to take care of their customers..go to america you may learn something about manners!! ps i will basically this place on all sites..as the management you should be concerned..you may think tourist don't do repeat business..but they can do repeat damage to your image ..start treating your customers like human beings! brunch selection lacked flavour and spice. we had the aloo tikki roll, salmon special and masala fries. everything was under-seasoned and under-spiced. an indian (even fusion) should offer vegetarians a balanced meal, which potatoes surrounded by bread is definitely not. charging extra for pickles and chutneys is not pukka. and salad dressed with mayonnaise?! would not recommend this place to anyone. 2 stars is for the chai and crushed potatoes accompanying the salmon. we were looking around for places to go for dinner. we heard that indian in london is very good and thought we would check it out. when you go in, you have to choose between two menus... traditional indian and indo-asian menu. we want for the indo-asian menu... had the chicken tikka naan, burnt chili paneer (spicy), and a chicken curry dish. everything was very good... different from what i've had in the us. especially the burnt chili paneer... it was so good... that even when we our mouths were burning, we kept on eating it. they also have it with chicken instead of paneer. service was great. ambiance was upscale. we would come back again next time we are in the area. lovely atmosphere, very nice anglo-asian dishes (some with a vague desi-chinese flavor), and attentive staff.i'll most definitely eat here again, next time i'm in london!	1	1	1	0	0
 my wife and i had lunch at alain ducasse during november. for 65 per person at a 3 star michelin restaurant, i would consider it a steal. the service was impeccable but also felt borderline excessive. everyone was smiles, folded our napkins when we went to use the restroom, offered to check-in our coats, filled our glasses when they were nearing empty, cleaned our table when a single crumb dropped, offering bread whenever we had finished our first piece.. etc. overall service was an a+.the food was also amazing. we went with the set menu and everything was perfect. but be aware, the set menu will take at least 2 hours to complete. only order this if you have time to spare, as the lunch service is paced very slowly. alain ducasse is an experience, not a fast-food joint!some minor gripes:the website says that men are to wear jackets, collared shirts, slacks and dress shoes. i was okay with the first three, but as a tourist, walking around all day in dress shoes could be a hassle. but i sucked it up and did it anyway and wore a pair of chelsea boots for the entire day. 10 minutes after we entered, a gentleman walked in with converse sneakers. what. the. heck. that was pretty annoying. if i knew i could've came in with a classly outfit + sneakers, i would have done it in a heartbeat. but i guess that's my fault for worrying about the "rules."when we sat down, the server offered us water options and tea. we both ordered water and tea and they came by with 2 servers and poured us each a bottle of expensive looking tea. it was my fault, i should've asked for the price beforehand. turns out the tea was 30 a bottle. expensive mistake, but deceptive for the restaurant to offer this along side *free* water options. also i'm chinese, so when a restaurant offers tea, it's usually free. but that's my mistake for assuming.overall, an excellent meal with great service. i would definitely go again if i made another trip to london and would recommend the set lunch menu to every one. however, skip on the 30 tea. ;) alain ducasse at the dorchester is a 3 michelin star restaurant. the decor is posh, extravagant and modern. the service was excellent - professional and world class. the food was innovative - a reinvention of french classics. the chef tasting menu was a parade of amazing flavours and culinary art. the food was sophisticated and the flavours and textures felt luxurious. with each course, the tasting menu slowly crescendoing to the foie gras and venison. alain ducasse is expensive, but if you enjoy fine dining and a bit of a production - allan ducasse will not disappoint. on our recent trip to london, my wife and i were excited to have booked a reservation at alain ducasse. after all, a 3 michelin star restaurant in the heart of london is an experience one does not encounter often. we kept vigil over the availability of online booking for literally 6 months in planning this event until we were able to place our reservation request. granted, this seems excessive but such was our desire to make sure that we did not squander an opportunity for a fine night out.our night started well. we both ordered the tasting menu as we are apt to do in restaurants of this caliber. initially, the service was what you would expect, attentive and overlapping bordering on the excessive. normally, this isn't our expectation but premium service is a defining characteristic of a michelin starred restaurant and i would be hard pressed to accept any argument that asserted to the contrary. so. . . the meal begins. a seven course meal and we are moving along nicely. the first four courses are all wonderful. i have no complaints in that regard. sure the sommelier seemed a bit put out that we were going to choose our own bottle of wine but it wasn't a big deal. had she been a bit quicker tho the table maybe her opinion would have been considered but when you have already ordered the meal, perused the entire wine list, and come to a consensus at the table on your selection.before that consultations comes; well let's just say that if we are happy with our decision it shouldn't matter to her.well then, as the last three courses are coming out we start to notice a deceleration in our service. the dishes are coming out slower and we are spending more and more time waiting for the next. they are still wonderful dishes and i have no issue still in that regard. we finish our wine and the glasses disappear. nobody asks whether we would like to have another bottle but fine, as more time goes by probably not going to happen anyway. then all the water is gone and nobody bothers to address that problem. finally, we are done and it's time to settle up and get home. it's been 3 hours since we started and it's time.  now we sit for over 30 minutes. we never see a server. we literally sit there and wait and wait and wait. i find it difficult at this point to adequately communicate how we felt. imagine you are dressed up and out on the town. it's a special date with a special person for which you are paying a not insignificant price. you go to these kind of establishments with expectations that they will provide that sort of special experience and they damn well know it. sitting abandoned in the dark corner of that restaurant it's hard not to feel as if maybe you have just been silly to have had such high expectations for the evening and maybe you just don't rate the treatment that presumably everybody else received while they were earning those stars. well, i would have flagged down somebody if i had the opportunity but finally i just got up and went to go find somebody. i think it was obvious i was unhappy and what i hear is well sometimes people like to sit after a meal. sure. i suppose that does happen when they are being attended to, but when you are sitting there with empty glasses and plates and no sever has bothered to know what you are wanting or needing it's a tough argument to sell. a bit of contrition would have been appropriate but whatever.so in summary, alain ducasse your food is great but your service sucked. it sucked to the point that i just wrote a novella describing how and why it sucked although i doubt anybody will have made it this far. you don't earn michelin stars and get to make any excuses for anything less than perfection in your execution. given the attention we spent in researching you and making our booking, it would have been nice to see some reciprocation of effort. perfection is the expectation of a restaurant at this level of quality, and i'm happy that they delivered. i went for my birthday the sunday after spending the week at oxford. everything was amazing, but i think that the venison and cheese courses were my favorite by far. there were a few things that i encountered that i didn't realize i would, namely:-at the end of the main walkway in the dorchester lobby, there was a really cool bar with a live band playing (at least on the weekend i assume). if i had known that, i would have gotten to the dorchester earlier to grab a drink and enjoy some music- i spent 3.5 hours at the restaurant for our seven course prix fixe meal (i thought that it would have been about an hour less). - a thick french accent is very difficult for the american ear. don't feel like an idiot if you need to hear something again.- if you're leaning towards the seven course menu with drink pairings, opt against starting off with a glass of champagne. the first course was a repeat drink of our welcoming glass.if you get the seven-course menu, i'd recommend going for a wine pairing (starting at 95). i was stunned at how well each wine complimented each dish... that was a really cool and pretty unexpected. if you're going to celebrate a special occasion (like i did for my birthday), the chocolate cake was pretty freaking amazing. i've heard from friends of friends that their restaurant at plaza athne in paris is even better... one of these days i'll make it out there. the chef's gifts of pate choux and fish soup were superb. i had the heirloom tomatoes and they are very nice, but not what i expected. they arrive in a bowl with a lattice work of bread and have been baked with cheese. the beef was was perfectly cooked perfectly and was paired with artichokes. to ordered a chocolate dessert that was very rich with i cream. my companions all got the baba with rum and were raving over it horrible desserts but the impact of this is limited as the food and service was great! i came here with a friend (we wanted a nice reunion location with good food) and ordered the seasonal truffle tasting menu. the staff is impeccably trained and from the moment we arrived and left, all actions (the clearing of courses etc.) was like a a carefully coordinated dance. the food was amazing (shoutout to the truffle soup with the pastry lined around it). while there were a few mediocre dishes (the lobster tail was tough and just not as fresh as it should be), the rest of the dishes were great. the dessert, however, was frankly bad. i was very very surprised at this at the end. the dish that stands out to be as hopelessly failing was a truffle sorbet + truffle vinaigrette dish. i understand the need to incorporate truffles in the dessert (as it is a truffle tasting menu) but it tasted so confused to the point that it was extremely unappetizing. even after my friend and i could not eat this dish, we were given a plate of cakes and macaroons from this gorgeous trolley. while the macaroons were appetizing, the cakes were not. we again could not finish the cakes. we were given a pistachio cake to take home and that was great. lasting remarks: i would definitely return but i would not order a tasting menu; i would order a la carte. (note: my general mindset towards these established restaurants is that fresh produce should be a given and that the joy i get from the dish should come from the extra umph the restaurants does with the flavors). fantastic meal at alaine ducasse. top notch service. review would be 5 stars but every dish we had was a little too rich. i will be back though. great wine, good times. extravagance that we were seeking on our last night in london. service was all that we expected, friendly, personable and very efficient. one disappointment was that they didn't have a different color cloth napkin for my wife. she had on black and the white cloth left lint all over. this is a surprising oversight as i have had this option at many lower rated restaurants. we had the tasting menus with wine. the wine was phenomenal. food was good, but the lamb, as the feature dish should have been more substantial. the service was beyond excellent! the best service i've received in a restaurant. the staff were very friendly, polite and knowledgeable when it came to any questions we had with regards to the menu. i arrived straight from the station and had my suitcase with me. they kindly put my suitcase away and charged my mobile phone.the food was excellent. we went to alain ducasse for lunch. i have no negative comments with regards to the food. some things worth mentioning though: the macarons were probably one of the best i've had, better than laduree in my opinion. we asked for more and they kindly gave us an extra bowl hehe. my favourite part of the meal was probably the trolley of herbal teas! the waiter was very good at helping us create our own infusions. it was a great touch at ending a wonderful meal :) if you love gourmet food, this should be towards the top of your list of places to go! best restaurant i've been to in london, hands down. fantastic all round! it's pricey, but it's definitely a unique experience.food: 10/10 every single dish was perfect. lobster starter, crab starter, veal, venison ribs, souffle, baba sponge... all incrediblewine: 10/10 fantastic selectionservice: 10/10 very proper, yet fun and engaging staff. even the young ones are pros!atmosphere: 10/10 great decoration. calming, relaxing... professional without being "stuck up".we celebrated my girlfriend's birthday and the chocolate cake prepared for her was simply indulging! the patisserie is tip top also. un abrazo ;) rude staff and no air conditioning on a hot day in london! and the staff explains "the air conditioning is on but it's very hot outside...". really?! not acceptable for a 3 michelin star establishment. the food is average not impressive and luxurious like alain ducasse in paris or monaco. would skip this one and go to those two instead. does not deserve 3 michelin stars, more like one, not even two. for a truly luxurious french cuisine experience in london la gavroche would be the better choice. everything i expect from 3 michelin star and did not disappoint me. i had 3 course tasting course for lunch. i have been to handful of michelin-star restaurants. their courses had excellent combination of taste and presentation. i sometimes think some 3 michelin star restaurants gets too carried away with fancy ingredients and in presentation and seems to have lost more global picture as a dish. i have truly enjoyed every course here. i highly recommend this place!! an important lesson has been learned through this mildly disappointing experience: in a 3 michelin star restaurant, always go for the tasting menu, no matter how expensive. no exceptions.my friends and i went out for our friend's birthday lunch. he is a true connoisseur of michelin masterpieces, racking up 10 stars in his birthday week alone... he entreated us to try the 7-course black truffle tasting menu which was upwards of 180 and a bit out of my lunch budget. so we settled on the modest 60 3-course set menu which included two classes of wine skillfully suggested by the in-house sommelier. the dorchester is a grandiose venue, less so from its reinforced concrete outside than in. the alain ducasse stands out compared to the lavish marble lobby and the 1930's glamour decor. it is more chic, a more simple and glossy space. the staff were very attentive and offerings of macarons and nougats and a dorchester pen did leave me teetering on a 3.5. however, the main course left me a bit shocked and overall disappointed given its reviews and reputation.food:the pre-dinner cheese choux buns with whipped and plain butter was a nice start. as was the warm up of black truffle mouse. my starter was foie gras with creamy lentils which i thought was very nicely done. different take on foie gras but absolutely delicious. the dessert was a deconstructed, 'contemporary' lighter version of vacherin and was fantastic. however, the pork was actually appalling, and all three of us agreed we had tasted better at places which i can't even bring myself to list in a 3-michelin star review...out of respect. it was hard and flavorless despite being cooked medium. although i would love to say the other courses out-shined it, but in a three course menu, the main should be the star and absolutely fell flat. that being said, the wine was superb. well it is alain ducasse! what an amazing night! from the waiters, to the dining room, the lights and decorations and let's not even start talking about the food. we had a set food menu, perfectly balanced and amazing creations. what a great experience, i will almost let the pictures speak for themselves, i am happy that i got this chance to go to this restaurant. from the appetizers to starters, the fish was perfectly cooked and the veal tasted heavenly. i loved the chocolate and the minimacarons that where served. had it not been for the desserts, my rating would be a very solid 3. this was one of the first restaurants i had in london, and i can say i was extremely disappointed only because i have much higher expectations out of a 3 michelin star place. honestly, almost every item on the tasting menu was mediocre for a 3 star michelin restaurant :( the best was the lobster dish- such an intricate play of different flavors, i was pleasantly surprised! aside from that, my entire party was so disappointed with everything else. in better words, we felt the meal was really basic. good food, but basic only because we had such high expectations. the dorchester is an amazing place!!! the decor is beautiful, and we were able to get a couple of really great pictures in! inside the restaurant itself, is a lit up crystal drop, which really brightens up the place. it was very dimly lit in there, which is not uncommon for nice restaurants, but my friend got reallllly really sleepy after a glass of wine haha the dessert is what i will focus on because it is the redeeming quality for this place. the berry sorbet dessert was sooooo good! after a disappointing meal, my friend and i weren't expecting much, but we both looked up at each other with surprise upon our first bites! the restaurant also gave us a chocolate dessert which i thought we were going to have to just take home as i was so full already. my friend and i took one bite and again, looked up at each other with surprise. we ended up eating the entire thing hahahah part of the chocolate dessert (see my photos for reference!) was chocolate that melts in your mouth, and the other part was crunchy. it was a perfect combination and i definitely would go back only for the dessert (lol). this was my favorite part of the meal!as for the service, i really felt as if the workers were a little unprofessional. i understand there may be some type of language barrier as i am not from the uk, however the workers should definitely stay humble and kind to everyone. i saw a lot of whispering and snickering amongst the workers throughout the entire restaurant. all in all, food was good, but not great. if you're looking for 3 star michelin material, go to another place!! this restaurant sadly isn't worth the price :( the hotel where the restaurant was located in is very beautiful...the food was delicious, i would give it 4 stars, but the service deserves 5 stars if not more...i've been to quite a few michelin 3-star restaurants but i've never had service like this before...the fluid synchronized movement of the waiters n the mannerism of all the staff were an experience in itself...i absolutely love it! :) maybe it's me and the french...french cuisine is my favorite kind of food out there, so hitting a 3-star michelin-rated restaurant on my birthday seemed just the kind of thing to do. first, let's start with the dorchester itself. stunning, classy (you know the sultan of brunei owns this place, so it's going to be extravagant.) we had a some lovely cocktails at the bar while we waited for our lunch reservation. soon we were called for our reservation, and once sat in the understated restaurant, we all decided on the 3-course prix fixe meal. to begin, we started with plate of essentially pao de quiejo (which i love!) fluffy cheesy puffs--good start before our courses arrived.my first course was a lobster course, while pretty wasn't extraordinary, and if anything a bit ho-hum. my husband picked the winner of starter courses with the skate terrine and confit potatoes. it was excellent and for the first time in a long time i had plate envy. we all enjoyed the artichoke foie gras soup although again, it was pretty standard stuff. my main course of lemon sole with peas and spring onions was delicious. the sole was seasoned nicely and well-prepared. but...i still waited for the 'wow factor.' that's when the french thing happened: one of our many very-french waiters wheeled around a footstool-sized wheel of bleu cheese. and what's better than a little salt before dessert? i said that i would 'like to partake in their paprikash' and for my benefit, [he] explained that the cheese would be 'a la carte' since it's not part of the prix fixe menu. this was the beginning of the most circular conversation i have ever had with waitstaff. i said that i understood, and that i only wanted a little of the bleu cheese and not the full cheese course--if they could accommodate that. without blinking, he asked me if i wanted cheese. quizzically, i said yes (wondering if i had suddenly started speaking without saying words out loud). he repeated the 'a la carte' thing again. i repeated myself with my request. and then he asked me again if i wanted cheese. i seriously thought i was on reality tv and my husband and friend were playing a trick on me. so as you can imagine, the rest of the meal was very awkward. dessert almost made up for it. they offered potent ice creams: raspberry, lime, coconut. the flavors were so powerful--so good!i know that there are other ducasse restaurants out there, but....i'm good. the food, price, ambiance, service were just okay--not worth returning to. did not disappoint. came here a couple weeks ago when we were in london and found it to be delicious and a great value for a 3 michelin restaurant, especially compared to those in nyc. we got the tasting menu and we shared a wine pairing (i wish restaurants in nyc let you do this, i can never drink a full glass for each course!) we received:- crab from dorset with caviar (and tempura), paired with a champagne- foie gras terrine with pickled vegetables, paired with a pinot blanc- lobster with cream, chicken sausage and mushroom, paired with a semi dry white wine- john dory with clams, paid with a puligny bernard 2013 chardonnay - duck with beetroot, paired with a burgundy pinot noir (black cherry, pepper)- selection of cheeses and spreads, paired with blandy's malmsey madeira 1999- chocolates and macarons, merengue sorbet and dried berries - paired with a wine from lafaurie peyragueywill be back next time we're in london! wouldn't recommend their lunch menu to anyone. its ambience is more suited for a business meeting, doesn't have a romantic feel. i liked their complimentary pepper puff and chocolate coated almond the most. everything is just okay, lacking a wow factor, i would expect much more for a 3 star michelin restaurant. their full menu may be better. my alain ducasse at the dorchester experience was one of three fancy dinners i got to try while i was in london -- the other two being le gavroche and maze. this was a truly singular experience, although, interestingly enough, my least favorite of the three.i was travelling alone, and so i was dining solo. i'm used to eating by myself, but it was a bit more awkward at this restaurant than at the others i visited -- which i actually attribute to the time of day that i was there. i visited right at open (6:30pm), and so the staff wasn't very busy, and so i couldn't help but feel like i was being stared at a bit (again, i do not blame them, they were just being attentive). of course, this was made extra awkward by the fact that i felt a bit out of my element. upon being seated, i was offered a cocktail or a menu. knowing i wanted to do the tasting menu with the wine pairings, i declined a cocktail and was given the menu, which was explained to me in a very helpful manner.after ordering my tasting menu (i opted for the classic one, rather than the seasonal, primarily because i don't like lamb, and a lamb dish was included on the seasonal menu) and my wine pairings (i did the basic pairings -- i just don't know enough about wine to bother with anything nicer, although i was quite tempted by one of the menus which included a wine older than i am), the fun began.first, i got to learn what a sauce spoon was. i had never seen one of these things before. i sat there, by myself, staring at this object i had been given, trying to decide if it was a knife, a spoon, a spreading device, or some sort of surgical instrument. i, self-consciously, would wait to use it until all the staff was facing another direction, just in case i used it incorrectly. i was cursing myself for not ordering that cocktail; at least then, i wouldn't care if i did something stupid.anyway, my favorite course was the saute gormand of lobster, mostly because of the delicious sauce (for that, use that delightful sauce spoon discussed above!). the sea bass was also really nice. all the wines were delightful, and the staff was exceptionally kind to me.by the fourth course, i was four glasses of wine in, and loosened up a bit and was able to enjoy myself a bit more; and, the restaurant was getting more crowded, so i felt a little less conspicuous. the cheese course was one of my favorite things. the goat cheese was paired with a roasted red pepper puree that was really, really nice. they gave me a small bag of treats to take home, which was a lovely touch i got to share with my coworkers the following monday. and i was also given two yummy pistachio cakes for my sunday morning breakfast.certainly an experience i will not soon forget, and a whole lot of fun. we came here for lunch with a 60 lunch special in mind (3 courses, 2 glasses of wine, coffee, water), but upon seeing the tasting menu, we decided that would be a much better experience. it was empty when we arrived at noon, but it quickly filled up completely.the decor is simple but elegant. with the plates, napkins, and glasses, there was also a light pink theme, which i wasn't expecting.there's a seasonal tasting for 180 and a regular tasting for 135. you can also do a la carte. we were debating between the wine pairing and champagne since it was during lunchtime, and the sommelier helped us pick a really good bottle of blanc de noirs, which i have never seen. it was light but complemented all of the food well, and i will be searching for the bottle when i'm back in the us (e rodez).they started us off with gougeres, which i love. theirs have paprika and black pepper, and they're very light but still a bit cheesy, and they come warm. i thought we would eat a few and pack the rest, but we ended up finishing the plate, which had quite a few.bread basket: always an adventure, served with salted butter and whipped cream butter - mini epi: good with butter- scottish bread: like a parker house roll, good with whipped cream butter- bacon bread: with straight up bacon fat chunks in it - this was probably my favorite tasting:1. dorset crab with caviar and celeriac: the celeriac was a perfectly cut super thin sheet. some of the dish was a bit creamy for me, and i thought the celeriac itself could have used a bit more seasoning, but this dish was particularly good with the champagne2. foie gras and duck terrine: with toasted bread with pickled vegetables. the foie had really good flavor, and i appreciate that the bread was toasted, since i think the texture helps the foie a lot. the pickled vegetables may have actually been the highlight for me 3. saut gourmand of lobster: the lobster was so fragrant and smelled intensely like a wonderful bisque. it came with mushrooms, truffled chicken quenelles (interesting texture), and a tube pasta. there are lots of different textures and interesting flavors going on. this is their signature dish and was my favorite of the meal.4. filet of john dory: with borlotti beans and clams. the clams add an interesting texture. the sauce on it is light and doesn't overpower the dish. it's not a dish with heavy flavors, but i liked the subtlety of it 5. duck breast with beets: good for fall and beet season, perfectly cooked. 5. veal: since i don't love duck, they were nice enough to substitute it with veal. the veal was super tender and had sweetbreads in the center of the medallion. there were carrots in different forms and textures, which added sweetness. the veal jus was awesome. 6. french cheeses: this was one impressive cheese plate. each cheese came with an accompaniment: a. goat cheese: with a red pepper compote; the red pepper actually overpowered the goat cheese, which was a milder one  b. soft cheese: like a camembert, i think? it had a good strong flavor, and it went great with the cider and granny smith apple compote c. beaufort: an alpine cheese, which i've had a few times in london now. i love this cheese, and it came with a savory quenelle  d. roquefort: with fruit. this had intense veining on it, and i loved the flavor. it was good with both the bread (with nuts and cheese) and crackers7. berry contemporary vacherin: i was expecting something with vacherin, but it was actually a dessert of fresh berries, strawberry sorbet, and frozen yogurt. it was very refreshing after the cheese plate. to finish:- macarons: jasmine, orange, and chocolate - all had wonderful texture in the cookie - caramels and passionfruit nougat - alain ducasse chocolate factory chocolates: i usually prefer the dark chocolate with ganache, but there was a praline one with a really fine slightly texture and nuttiness to it, which was amazing- chocolate covered almonds: maybe they candied the almonds first? the texture was great on thisit was definitely a filling lunch with all the butter, but none of the individual dishes felt too heavy. all the portions were very appropriate, but i left extremely full.service was incredibly proper and still friendly. even though it's a formal french restaurant with a formal menu, everyone was very easy to talk to, and the environment was not stuffy at all. frequent water and champagne refills, personally guiding me to the restroom, changing out my napkin for dessert, serving everything in exact unison... it all contributed to the quintessential french tasting experience. it was the most amazing service i had ever seen in my lifetime. glasses were taken away and filled and i had not even noticed, thats what good service should be.the food in my opinion, was nothing amazing. it was just alright. wasn't bad, but really disappointing for three michelin stars. the basic spiel here is that this is not an experimental cuisine, but flawlessly executed french standard. ok, great. at 3 stars, it should be flawless regardless of what i order.we had the 70/head festive lunch menu. starters were pretty amazing, definitely a highlight. the main course was boar and in my opinion it was dry and overly oniony and the desserts, while good, really nothing to write home about. the paired wines were pretty amazing too. so if the main and desserts would be on par with starters and wine, that would be something. but they weren't. they also passed some sweets bonbons that were not much either. and then we ordered an espresso and they brought me an inch of liquid. now, while i might just not be sophisticated enough to judge the cuisine properly, to mess up with coffee and bring me an americano from substandard beans is really below any number of stars. a truly great dining experience with an upscale atmosphere. i had the seasonal tasting menu and it did not disappoint. everything was of high quality and tasted great. the service was also impeccable, probably better than eleven madison, which is i think what gets it its third star. as to why i don't give it five stars, i think that's where the nit-picking comes in. in some ways, i feel like this restaurant is trying to do all the "right things" in order to attain 3 michelin stars, which it accomplishes. however, something about the food felt a bit contrived. also, having come 3 months ago, while i do remember that everything tasted great, i have no recollection of any of the specific dishes i had that really stood out to me. for this reason, i'm only giving 4-stars. i wouldn't necessarily recommend as a must-try once in a lifetime sort of place, but if you're in london, i would recommend going. you may not be mind-blown by the experience, but you will definitely not be disappointed either. what a full experience, from taste to decor to service! from the moment my husband and i walked through the dorchester doors, we were taken care of. a hotel staff member personally escorted us to the restaurant, where our coats were accepted before we entered the brightly decorated dining room. we decided on the lunch menu for our meal. before our first course was brought out, they delivered a freshly baked assortment of breads along with whipped creamy cheese and their homemade butter (which i couldn't get enough of). they also presented a delicate lobster amuse bouche. and the portion sizes were perfect! from start to finish, we continued to be blown away by the gorgeous and tasty dishes, as well as the attention to detail exemplified by the staff. they even had our jackets waiting for us as we exited the restaurant without even asking our names. my wife and i went to alain ducasse as our "blowout" meal of our trip to london. we ordered a fixed menu with premium wine pairings, and the quality of the food and wine were everything we expected. unfortunately, the service did not meet our expectations. we were seated in a high-traffic area next to where the wait staff got their utensils, which meant wait staff went back and forth right by our table the entire meal. the wines and food courses came very fast, to the extent that they were being served on top of each other. finally we asked both the waiter and sommelier to slow down. the waiter then slowed down the food delivery dramatically, to the extent that the sommelier served the wines long before the food, and the wine was usually drunk (and sometimes the wine glasses were even removed--surprising for the amount paid) before the accompanying food course was even served. the sommelier seemed largely unresponsive to our comments, and did not seem to care that we had no wine to accompany our food course. in general it was hard to justify the amount paid, given the service problems. what you can expect while you dine at alain duccase at the dorchester:you will be enamored by the intricate beauty of the dorchester, the service is exemplary and the cuisine is refined. my husband and i celebrated our 6 month wedding anniversary with their seasonal 7-course menu-180.001-wild asparagus, quail's egg, bottarga2-seared duck foie gras, morel mushrooms: the foie gras was my personal favorite, it was so rich, and decadent, simply melted in your mouth. 3-hand-dived sea scallop, broccoletti, caviar: the sea-scallop was so incredibly delicate and tender.4-fillet of turbot, clams ' la marinire'5-rib and saddle of lamb, spelt and wild garlic: loved the lamb, but neither of us were to keen with the spelt: it was too gritty and left our palates with an odd citrus after taste6-comt garde exceptionnelle, cru 2013: neither of us were pleased with this course, it was a very unsavory detour. served with a black truffle pure, rocket crisps/ colston bassett stilton(oatmeal cake, fruit chutney, bread) -sadly none of these elements felt like they belonged together.7-chocolate / espresso: 1/2 like, we loved the array of macaroons and chocolates, but were disappointed by their main chocolate dessert. it was way too bitter and the crisps in the dessert only navigated us further away from the course.mignardises & gourmandisesit was an unexpected surprise, but we were delighted that they served us with a mango, passion fruit dessert to celebrate our special day-my husband loved this, saved the dessert course for us. even though we were disappointed by the last 2 courses of our meal, overall we were definitely pleased to experience this culinary adventure. excellent service and perfectly executed dishes. however, i can taste the butter in many of the dishes. in contrast, many other top restaurants (including the french restaurants, especially the ones in paris) have elevated their cooking to highlight and condense the flavor of the ingredients without having to overly rely on butter. wow! the tasting menu is consistently amazing here. yes, is outrageously expensive. but you will experience a "foodgasm" that is among the best in the world. it has been my experience that celebrity chef restaurants are generally not worth the hype, but this one lives up to its lofty reputation. for a special celebration, there is no better place in london! if i could give less i would. i've had a reservation for over 2 weeks without a phone call or email and as requested, i left my email address. when i showed up they said they "tried to contact me" but had let my table go because they could not confirm. i am traveling from the states but have made other reservations without any issues. could not be more disappointed especially since this was our engagement celebration dinner. i guess my only true recommendation of the restaurant is to make sure you contact them personally to confirm.	0	1	1	1	0
 old time pub/restaurant. i thoroughly enjoyed it for this reason alone. it's a tight squeeze overall. tables mashed together in a small dining area with stool seating. elbow to elbow with all that are drinking or eating. this is what makes it a true british pub experience right? of course i went for the fish and chips with a pear cider. can't get enough of either one. friendly service and staff. truly enjoyed this place. conveniently located across from the big ben, this is a tavern with dining served upstairs. however, if u manage to get a table downstairs at the bar, go for it. food is typical pub fare: fish and chips, burgers, mash. food is a little bland but hey, u don't come for the food. you come to people watch and recharge as you continue sight seeing.good place to people watch as it gets filled with tourists. visited this pub while we were visiting london. great fish and chips and nice beer selections. lots of other menu choices.the wait can be a bit long depending on the time of day. we visited around 2pm and had a 20 minute wait. there is a full bar downstairs and a dining room in the second floor. service was prompt and very friendly. there seems to be a bit of a food island around the house of commons.  not much selection when you need to eat right away. came here after going to westminster abby.  we were able to get a table pretty quickly.  you place your order at the bar, the food came out quickly.  i have as able to check off my london steak pie on my food to eat list. it was fantastic. although i have no point of reference. service was good. food was great. i would come back. located right across the street from the famous big ben we found this old school british pub and decided to give it a try. we wanted to try authentic fish and chips and our taxi driver recommended this place for the food and the location. we were seated in the second floor of the restaurant since the first floor consist more of the bar rather then tables. i ordered a pint of the house lager and then we all ordered the fish and chips without the green peas.we waited a while for the food to arrive, but the waiter was really cool and he started a really interesting conversation on all the cool things to do in london. when the plate finally arrived and it was large and the fish was brown and very crispy while the chips or how we american say french fries were also nice and crispy. regarding the fish i got to be honest the taste was really bland i didn't really cared for the mayonnaise type of sauce on the side. for dessert we decided to order the chocolate pudding which was amazing, it gave us a sweet ending to our meal. the pudding in london is more like a moist pound cake with hot fudge pour on top rather than the pudding found in the states. we really did enjoy the exterior of the pub i felt that i was going to bump into sherlock holmes himself! after trying to capture the perfect shot of that grand ol' clock tower at night, my fingers were practically frozen on westminster bridge. i somehow slowly managed to click my yelp app, and the closest restaurant that really stood out to me was st stephen's tavern.just a block away from the bridge, this pub was easy to find, bustling with many patrons as was seen through the windows. my instant worry was that there wouldn't be space for us to actually sit down and eat. however, to my surprise, the upstairs tables had a few open spots left, and we were promptly given one.first impression: blimey! such small seats and tables!oh well, i was already warming up to the place as my fingers slowly thawed.although i saw on reviews that the place is visited by locals and tourists alike, it seemed like we were the only tourists there on that night. maybe it was the way the waiters, with their particularly prosaic expressions, seemed to treat us with a slight annoyance.i ordered the fish and chips because why not just fully embrace that tourist life. although i didn't have the opportunity to taste many other fish and chips during my trip, i honestly think this place has it down to a crisp. get it? anyway, the fish was delightfully tender on the inside as if i were eating an actual fish rather than some processed cod mash you find in the freezer section. the fried batter merely enhanced the texture of the cod rather than overwhelm the taste. the tartar sauce was also refreshing rather than overpowering. also, there was just the right amount of chips and peas on the plate. great grub indeed.next time i come back to london, i'll definitely be thinking about a plate of fish and chips from this place again! horrible. but we were hungry and desperate after a long day of sightseeing. i ordered the fish and chips, which is a pretty simple dish to exexute, right? the dish came out soggy, the gravy was bland, and the peas tasted like they were in the freezer for too long. ok, this is a pub. but i expected the food to be at least decent. nope, not even a good guiness can wash this down. drinks are fine, but go elsewhere for food. this is our first trip to london, hubby and daughter wanted fish and chips. i am not a big fan of fish but decided to go anyway. both hubby and daughter devoured their plates of food. i ordered bangers and mash, amazing. potatoes were creamy, gravy had a great flavor and no lumps, sausage was outstanding. we only have 2 more days in london and might be back if in the area. if you are looking for a quick meal, after a day of sightseeing like we were, st. steven's is a pub with some decent food. since st. stephen's was located in the heart of parliament square, it was expected that there would be plenty of other tourists, but to our surprise there were plenty of locals in there.even though the pub was pretty crowded, we received a table right away when we walked in around 5pm. we were probably the last lucky ones before a real wait began to build up. we took a seat in their bar area, which was pretty tight-fitting. the tables were one on top of the other. we received a menu from a waitress and proceeded to order asap at the bar. (keep in mind, as with all pubs in london, order your food at the bar.)we ordered the hand battered fish & chips and sausage & mash.fish & chips (hand battered) - the order consisted of a tomato ketchup tanglefoot ale battered cod, tartare sauce, chips and garden peas. since this was my 1st fish and chips in london, i thought it was pretty good. the cod was fried well, but quickly softened as i doused it with vinegar. i felt that the plate could have contained a bit more chips. as for the peas, there wasn't much transformation with it. it possibly could have been frozen peas that were just microwaved.sausage & mash the order consisted of 3 good size sausages sitting in a stowford press cider & red onion gravy. there was a small side of mash and the same peas from the fish & chips. the sausage was good, but nothing that knocked our socks off. also, the mash was of a good soft texture and went well with the gravy.crispy battered squid rings, sweet chilli sauce pork & herb sausages, stowford press cider & red onion gravy & gardenbeing that this was our very 1st meal in london, we didn't have much to compare it against the day we went. the pub was lively, the food was good, but nothing about the food really blew us away. it satisfied us, but i couldn't say that the food here at this pub was something i had never tried before. it was a good average conveniently located pub and worth coming to if you're in need of a pint or meal in the area. st. stephen's tavern is conveniently located to big ben and victoria station so it can get quite busy. the fish & chips are very, very good and so are the peas the come with it. i highly recommend this place for their food, but actually their service is not too good. i ordered one beer with my dinner and wanted a second one but the waitress was too busy to notice me waving at her. it also took a long time to get our bill.overall, food and beer was great, the service average. this place has a great location. the seating is a little cramped but there are a few tables as well as standing room for a quick pint. you are assigned a seat number and order at the bar. the food comes out quick and they do a nice job trying to turn over costumers. i think they add a side of cooked pees to everything, maybe it's a signature side. the hand pies were really great and very filling. if i had those alone, i think my rating might be higher. the burger was not so much however. it was dry and the bun was almost like a thick pita bread. delicious pub food and great service. variety of ales available as well as different food choices. i really enjoyed the delicious sweet tomato relish that came with my ham & cheese croquettes starter. both tourist trap and local hangout, i think this place is always packed. it certainly has that old fashioned tavern feel, though, with barely any elbow room to spare. the tables are situated nicely, however, and it's cozy enough to enjoy a meal without feeling like a sardine.the food is your typical bar/ pub fare, with fish & chips, burgers of several different varieties, and small plates, with plenty of booze to go around. they also have a designated area outside the tavern where you can stand with your beer and have a chat with your mates, if you're into that sorrow thing. i ordered the sweet chili chicken burger with chicken goujons, mayo, lettuce, tomato, redo onion, chips, and sweet chili sauce. it wasn't anything to stand up and scream about, but it was good; though a bit pricey for what you get. the winning point of this restaurant is its proximity to all the local tourist attractions: the london eye, big ben, literally across the street, buckingham palace about a 15 minute walk down the way, and the river thame. not a bad place to refuel for the rest of your journey, eh? this is an old tradition tavern and as such is old style everything. we order some drinks and a little old european kind of serving.  nothing cold. even the beer was room temperature. the beer was good even at room temperature. lol. also we ordered the fish and chips old traditional style but the highlight was the curry sauce.  my daughter who was with me said is just like japanese plain curry.  i loved the taste. the bill was a little high 100 british pounds for all five of us uncluding tip.  but oh well now i can say i went to this place which sits across the parlament, the big ben clock and the westminister abbey good atmosphere and service but only average food. went around 5pm on a thursday and the bar was crowded but upstairs dining wasn't too bad. our hotel receptionist recommended this spot to us for their fish and chips while visiting london. the restaurant was packed when when we arrived and this was a good sign that it's legit. wow, their fish and chips and beef pot pie was phenomenal!! best i've had by far! also, the view of big ben wasn't bad either. :) coziest little pub in the heart of westminster. great place to stop in for some local grub (fish, chips, and peas for me!) and beer! loved it! i have visited it twice and wasn't blown away. it's definitely conveniently situated near big ben and it means that it's very crowded. the amount of people there was huge, we didn't wait very long for food but if you don't like crowds you should steer clear of this place. food was ok, nothing special but they definitely have nice range of beers there which was a plus. i heard that the restaurants around the touristy places were the worst... but st. stephen's tavern was pretty damn good. my cousin got the basic tourist dish (fish and chips), my dad got the pasta chicken pesto dish (really good!) and i... i got the steak pie.... and it was friggin' delicious. the staff was friendly. the place is small (we sat upstairs). but overall, we had a great time there. it was my dad's first time in london, and he is a very picky person, but he loved st. stephen's tavern (especially the peroni beers!) i would come here again! a quick trip, a quick stop - didn't do any research just walked in, we weren't disappointed. service was prompt & friendly - crowd was local, added to flair of the place - food - good long wait, bad food. avoid this place. the food is overpriced and the service is terrible. we ran in to get out of the rain and wouldn't come back. ok for an expensive beer i guess i stumbled upon this place after sightseeing at westminister abbey, london eye & big ben. it was here that i first experienced uk style fish & chips. i didn't expect much given its proximity to major tourist attractions. in my experience, restaurants near tourist attractions are generally not very good. however, i was pleasantly surprised; the fish & chips were actually very good. the fish was crisp which paired well with the accompanying tarter sauce. i enjoyed the crisp chips as well.ordered a rekorderlig premium strawberry-lime cider. it was to die for. wish i could've shipped a crate of it back to the states, word to the wise. this is a sweet cider, for those of us who want to like beer, but don't really care for the taste.service was nothing to write home about, but it was efficient. the one thing that did annoy me was my servers comment "i should've known" after i placedd my fish and chips order; i suppose this was due to the prevailing abundance of american tourists there all wanting to experience uk style fish & chips. this actually gave me a sense of if you're in the area, pop in for fish in chips. it's a great place to break away from all the surrounding hustle & bustle. was sure this was going to be a tourist trap but was pleasantly surprised that the food, drinks and patrons were all legit. we had prawn appetizers and some fish and chips (along with a guinness) prices were good, service was fine and we had some great conversations with the locals. we sat in the bar area which is semi-self serve but we did not have to wait long for a table. after a debate at the house of lords, we were looking for a coffee shop to sit down and carry on the discussion. but neither coffee shop in the vicinity (nero & treats) has seating space, which was why we finally ended up in a pub.it was fairly comfortable and drinks were standard pricing. (we didn't try any food). cosy interiors, but the biting cold and rain outside didn't help.downstairs to the loo, which seems to have a lot of walk ins just to use it, so its not the cleanest.staff at the bar who served us our drinks, were quick and efficient. we were exhausted walking around and just needed a place to get a good and fair prices meal! this was the perfect place right across from big ben. the food was amazing and definitely recommend the meat pie dish, very hearty and filling! try the old mount cider. i am a beer person, but i always grab cider when i am here. when i am showing my mates around westminster, this is the spot we end up at. the food is okay, smallish fish n chips, and not a fan of their chili nachos. good for relaxing after sight seeing. seating only for those getting food. hey they do not take american express. be forewarned. try the fish and chips platter with shrimp and mashed peas. food was good, seating is not comfortable though. view of big ben is nice! i came here with my classmates, a crew of 6, and it was home to my first real international mealtime experience. granted, i've been to a pub once or twice before this, but this was the first full restaurant meal and drink i've been to.  it is fantastic, i had of course, fish and chips-it was a large portion and truly hot.they were quite busy when we arrived, so we were able to get some drinks from the bar while waiting with a pager that let us know when a table was ready. as a result, we got to sit on the top balcony and at the table that let us look over to the floor below and the windows outside, it was an amazing view.the downside really was how crowded it is-granted i know the reason is due to it's location being at a tourist' hotspot, but i didn't care for the crowd. regardless, the servers were friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant. i would certainly go again if i could. we came here to get the fish n chips. it was pretty bland and not what we wanted at all. we got a chicken pot pie thing as well with it which wasn't great either. the service was ok as well. if you are starving and wandering around the parliament area, then come here but otherwise it's not worth it.	0	1	1	0	0
 in london for a couple of days on my own i found this place on the way to my hotel and thought i would pay it a visit in the evening. i wasn't disappointed at all with the food. the dirty chicken cheeseburger was awesome.i wouldn't recommend this place if you are on your own. there is no bar to sit at and the staff seem loathe to give up a table for one person, instead you are directed to a "breakfast bar" style counter where you kind of feel a bit out there, there's nowhere to hang your coat or put bags down etc.definitely a group destination. many groups and young couples having a good time.in conclusion, would have gotten 5 stars if single diners were given greater consideration but understand that they aren't catering to this audience. we needed food late night and this was close to our hotel so an easy choice. we were definitely taken back by the decorations at first but actually really loved the place. we had a variety of food from the dead hippie burger, to green chile burger, the braai wings (which were sooooo hot) and hippie fries. the green chile burger was alright for me, my friends all enjoyed that and the wings. i was a big, big fan of the dead hippie burger. the sauce reminds me of a shack sauce or in&out sauce. i will say the service was quite slow and we had to get up and go find a waiter a few times but other than that, i will be dreaming of the hippie burger until i return. for more on my trip visit thesportysommelier.com i still remember my first dead hippie burger, a few years ago, at their covent garden branch. it was heaven in my mouth, and i can say it was the best burger in london i'd had.however, a few years later and now at their bond street branch, it looks like the quality of meat liquor as gone down the drain as they have expanded. the burger bun was dry, the meat was just ok.served in a dingy grimey restaurant, on a cafeteria style tray and on top of grease paper, the food needs to be wow because nothing else about the dining experience is. unfortunately, its not. having eaten here before, i knew where i was going but if you've never been here before, one could mistake it for a brothel (just on the looks part) dark windows with signage and inside, it's dark, with dingy red lighting almost to the point where you can't see your food or even the menu. it's a decent burger joint but nothing special. service is pretty good with lots of seating options. the food is good but not great, it's also pretty pricey but some will argue that that's just london for you. you get a few options for fries but again, none really stand out as great. i had the buffalo fries that had blue cheese on them with a side of buffalo sauce. being a big fan of blue cheese, i was disappointed with the tiny bit of blue cheese on top and it was 6! the burgers are tasty but a little on the small side. i would say it's a good menu with chicken and beef choices/hot dogs with desserts and a drinks menu. give it a try at least once and see for yourself but definitely better burger places out there. i had the bead green chili burger, it had fatty taste, it was nice, but i had better. chiken wings were "blaaah"my food was for take away and the wrapping wasnt pleasant, there was saucy finger prints on the box.i had to edit my initial review as i'm still sick from that meal so disappointing!! i have wanted to try meat liquor in forever and so was happy there was a restaurant nearby when out shopping. first impressions - that place is dark!! luckily we were sat in a window seat so we could see our food. following the advice of fellow yelpers i went for the dead hippie, 2 french mustard beef patties and a portion of fries. other people in my party had the cheeseburger and the chicken finger sandwich. i found my burger to be very moist, and juicy but in a bad way. it was a bit of a mess to eat actually and this isn't barbecue or pulled pork, so i didn't expect it. maybe that's their thing, but i didn't rate the burger and have had much better burgers elsewhere. i also wasn't very impressed with the look of my friends chicken finger sandwich, it is served on white bread and it didn't look appetizing at all. my friend and i got a portion of fries each and i would definitely say you could share one portion between two as there was plenty. the food is served on a tray, like barbecue food is normally served, which i normally don't mind but when your food is dripping, it is difficult when you are sharing one tray between three not to get it everywhere.after my visit i kind of felt content that i hadn't been missing out all these years, like i thought i was as i hadn't visited meat liquor. i probably wouldn't object if someone i was with really wanted to eat there again, but i probably wouldn't seek it out myself to try again, there are too many options out there to try! also it isn't the cheapest either, for the amount you get. i've eaten at all the branches of the restaurant in london bar the chicken place in brixton, plus the good old meat easy, not to mention the original (well the second one) wagon. so i'm used to the food by now, and that's one of the reasons why i keep coming back. because if i started my experience with meat liquor then i probably wouldn't continue - since it's like walking into a darkened cupboard when you get inside. thankfully on this occasion, we were seated over by the bar, so we had a little bit more ambient light than normal and direct access to the servers as they walked past (they're often difficult to attract in the permanent gloom). having eaten here a fair few times, i've discovered that the best thing on the menu isn't actually the burgers - it's the monkey fingers. seriously, if you like buffalo chicken, then you'll find that these are probably the best on the planet. crunchy yet soft, with plenty of batter to act as a buffalo sauce delivery system to your tastebuds.i also tried the hippie fries for the first time - warning - do not order these on your own. the portion is so large that you'll never even look like you've dented them. you get a big dish of fries with runs of sauce and caramelised onions throughout. they're now on my list for when i'm not dining alone.as i said, the service here is usually hit and miss - but today was a hit. we got a good server, who was totally on the ball all the time. so good, that despite my policy of not tipping in the uk, i actually did leave a tip on this occasion. they should bring your food with a portable sink and aloe vera hand wash. that's how messy things will get.and that sir, is a very good thing.this is one of those places you go to after watching an american movie. you've got new york on your mind and a british meal simply will not make glitter tears come from your eyesyou come here.chicken burgers smothered in sauce, bbq wings crispier than a fresh sheet of wrapping paper. mmmm.yes the oinon rings were beyond oily but let's over look that for a quick second.i love this place! having said that . . . . the decor, woah. i'm assuming batman was the theme. its as dark as a cave! i could barely see my food! my eyes switched into nocturnal mode which can't be too healthy! would i go back, of course! would i go with night vision goggles? probably. it was my cheat meal day and so we decided to really cheat and indulge in some meatliquor action!what a way to go... let me start off with the bad... hate hate hated the decor!! the tinted windows made me feel depressed and on the run! it was like being in an asylum.... a meaty asylum!!now on to the good! we ordered a bit of everything because life is too short and all that! buffalo chicken burger,buffalo wings,onion rings and fries! a feast fit for a viking king i tell you! that burger was so juicy and delicious i almost...almost forgot who i was! yes ladies and gents...burger memory loss! happens to a few of us when the taste gets too real !the buffalo wings were crispy and coated in buffalo sauce! which i need to bathe in at some point in life!oh the blue cheese dip is the best i've had anywhere in london so far.onion rings were too oily for me but still tasted lovely.. and the fries were perfect! best part were the cheap prices! all of this was under 24 (between two people) . the staff are friendly and polite too.. can't go wrong really... all hail the meatliquor !! i really am shocked at all the good reviews. maybe i went on a bad day? i got a dead hippie burger and an order of fries. as opposed to most the photos my burger was fairly neat and orderly. it wasn't messy, it wasn't juicy, and it wasn't very good. i'd rather have a burger from 5 guys personally. the fries also weren't very good. i think they had been sitting out quite a while because when they got to me they were stale and lukewarm. service wasn't great either, i had to flag down a waitress when my waiter disappeared. i definitely won't go back, even if it was an off day their consistency clearly leave a lot to be desired. i'm a fan.i spend a lot of time in the states, so i eat at a lot of burger type places (the bits i visit aren't always the cosmopolitan bits where there's a smoothie joint and a kale exhibition or whatever, i end up eating crap) - and i have to say? this is the closest thing i've found - to a very good one of those in the uk.it has a very good selection. unless you're a veggie. but then you wouldn't be coming in probably. anyway.i had the dead hippie burger, braai wings and some onion rings. washed down with a house grog. house grog they say, will only be served to you twice...think zombie and you won't be far wrong. pineapple, and lots of rum.all the food turned up at once on a tray, simple and effective. if you want a comparison for the burger, i'd say it's like an in-n-out california style double pattie job. cooked the way i like it already (red in the middle) and served on a brioche bun, with pickles cheese and some tasty sauce.the onion rings were huge. thick batter and a great amount of actual onion - not those reconstituted things you find at some places.the braii wings.had i eaten one first, i think i would have just ordered a whole plate full. there's four of them, but they're a full wing, so it's like eight of your standard "takeaway" wings. bbq'd and dry rubbed with an amazing spice mix - with an incredible dip.meal was just under 30 all in, tip and 1 charity donation.music was right up my street (rock and not too loud!) interior is...also. dark, black and red with a host of pin up connotations.servers and staff were all amazing.i'll be back. and then again. and probably again. this has to be the coolest burger joint in london by a country mile, from the outside it is incredibly unassuming and once inside you are immersed in a cool and trendy world with awesome music and great aesthetic in terms of fantastic art on the walls and a great design idea. me and three friends went on a sunday and had a range of things from the menu, i can thoroughly recommend the dead hippie burger with the hippie fried being a great addition. the onion rings are some of the best i've had and the deep friend mac and cheese is great. it is a true dining experience not one for a smart night out, you will get messy and you don't get plates so be prepared for a good old hands on meat experience. oh, meatiquor how i miss you dearly. even from across the pond i still dream of you. ml was my spot ok! this is the only location that i'd ever been to and the food was amazing every time. honestly, some of the best food i've ever eaten and definitely in my top five for food in london. the food is served tray-style/family-style. it's really easy to taste your friends food this way. ;) i was really obsessed with their chicken sandwich. it' called the "tower block burger". it has a fried chicken filet with cheese, hash brown, jalapenos, slaw, onions and a russian dressing. by far the best chicken burger of my entire life. you will leave ml with a food baby and that is ok!! also really love the deep fried mac & cheese and dead hippie burger. they have a nice bar + great drinks as well. this food really is so good it should be a sin. love meatliquor forever and ever.p.s. they play super loud music, so not the best for a first date, get to know someone kind of thing. come with other foodies who just want good bites and to take in the good vibes. if you are looking for a greasy burger where the grease drips from your hands, meat liquor will be one of those places that will offer you that dirt. this place is not for the healthy soul! nor is it a place for those looking for some peace because the music is really loud in every part of the restaurant. it is definitely not the place to go if you want to have a conversation where you do not want to be shouting.i have heard from others how long the queue but when we visited there was not a long queue. in minutes we got through the door in to the dark and noisy restaurant to wait at the bar. we waited around 15 minutes for a table of two people.all the food is served on a tray lined with a grease paper. the burger was not very pretty in presentation and it does make other fast food chain's burgers look better. the beef patty at meat liquor is moist and i love the melted cheese. but it was greasy and messy to eat.as well as a burger i tried a selection of sides - portion of fries, onion rings and deep-fried mac 'n' cheese. the onion rings were the biggest onion rings i have seen. each one was in a crispy battered coating. the place is kind of dark and i don't know if i really liked the interior decorations, although i "get" the themes. had the dead hippie burger which was actually really good. fries were fine too and the service was adequate. i'd go back for the burger alone...oh, and the music was great! super cool place! food is also delicious.this place it definitely unique, the decor is really cool, a perfect fit with the burgers and drinks.the staff is also very helpful in recommending food and drinks! definitely recommend! the portion of chillli cheese fries was so big!!! food quite enjoyable at first but then easily feel fed up since the portion is too big and heavy tho. the best place if you want chicken wings in london! expect to get messy.  the chilli fries and burgers and excellent too. you can't reserve a table but it's worth the wait. one of my favourite places to eat in london. good food. average service . very loud ..cool place.we went on a busy day " friday" we waited for almost 45 mints to get a table for two, then after we get out table and ordered we waited another 40 mints to have the food !! oh not to mention we reminded the waiter about the food!! burgers are really good and the way they serve the food is unique. if you are visiting and want to try a good burger try it out. do you like meat? this is your place then. saturday night. long shift at work. grumpy and hungry. not a happy alba. i was craving beer and meat. and that's what you get if you go to 'meat liquor'. i was a big fan of 'meat mission' already so i though: i'm sure it will be fine.we got a nice table, next to the bar. it is similar to 'meat mission': dark and loud (music is even louder there). i didn't care, i was in heaven. burgers and booze everywhere! we ordered straight away. service was fun and lovely! our drinks and food in perfect time. soooo gooood. we devoued our burgers and sides.i was really tired so we didn't stay long. it was really crowded and everyone seemed to be having a lot of fun. next time! i'll come back for sure. this is a burger and cocktail place. the atmosphere is underground, it is quite dark inside with subdued lighting, some music, street art on the walls. it is a nice atmosphere yet a bit noisy to chat easily, but well it is a burger place and the way the food is served you know you are going to need some cleaning after eating so don't bring a date!at the entrance they take your name for the table and then they let you in to enjoy a cocktail, we were wondering if we were supposed to rush whenever a table is available but no they really search you in the room when your table is ready! cocktail time! they have a huge range of cocktails available, pretty much every alcohol you might like is available. i took the cocktail called game-over. it was really good, yet i think the red bull is either too sweet or too strong to taste all the flavours in the cocktail, maybe you can ask to have the cocktail with more lemon juice and less or no red bull.when the waitress finally finds you in the room, trying to pronounce you name which can be quite funny if you are not from the uk, it is now time to feast!the burgers are really good, however they kind of feel small, it is not about the number of layer in it, maybe it is the bread which is not that thick but don't worry you will leave the place full. because the sides are huge! really it is like a whole plate of fries topped with whatever you chose, be it spicy minced meat or onions...be warned however, when they write hot something, i mean it is not hot if you are used to eating spicy food but for newbies i wouldn't recommend it! americana. also liquor. the green chili burger is wonderful. a welcome change of pace after a week of battered fish, potato, and meat pie. loveeeeee this place, came across it a few years ago just behind selfridges, and since then i have been going back time and time again. yes it is a little dark inside, but the food is impeccable. large portions, value for money, proper american style burgers, loaded fries, battered pickles, simply the best mouth watering binge eating you will experience. the milkshakes are also yummmy. if you can't eat it all in 1 sitting, ask for a doggy bag, its well worth it :)be sure to get there quick, otherwise there will be a queue outside, which is definitely worth the wait. after my colleagues ranted and raved about this place i grabbed my burger-buddy and made a date of it. firstly the decor is amazing, slaughterhouse style with a hint of vaudeville. it was very dark and i could easily imagine a party coming from torture garden to dine here before heading off to play with toys similar to the decorations.we were lucky in that as there were only two of us we had only a 25 minutes wait, and doubly lucky that we were allowed to wait inside at the bar. the cocktails are great, a little bit pricey, even for this part of london, but well made. sadly it took me 15 minutes to catch the bar-staffs eyes there were two of them behind the bar doing nothing, just talking to each other whilst one guy worked the waiting crowd. when we were shown to our table and ordered our food arrived quickly but the staff were inattentive, possibly due to the large number of people wanting to eat here. the chips were divine, but the burgers were disappointing a little too greasy and over-cooked. my burger-buddy and i were comparing it to other burger bars in the area and it came up short. - however it is apparently open 'til the early hours and so after a night out my attitude towards it might have changed. still on my hunt for the best burger of london, i decided to try meatliquor on saturday night. i had high expectations for this place, as i was bringing some friends with me and wanted them to have a great time ! but meatliquor didn't disappoint !the atmosphere is really funny and unconventional : it's dark and edgy, with a lot of photobooth pictures, writing on the walls, red lights, neon sign lights... here, you don't just eat a burger, you embrace the place !because everything seemed so delicious, we shared a lot of our plates. so i got to try the chili cheese fries, the hippie fries, the mac'n'cheese for the sides, and i had a red chili burger for the main. everything was delicious ! my favourite sides were the mac'n'cheese and the chili cheese fries, which were a perfect match with my burger ! yes, i love a good beef chili in my fries and burger ;)i really wanted to try the milkshakes (especially the white russian) but i was already full. next time ?the only thing that annoyed me a little, is the fact that we had to speak really loud to understand each other. part of the atmosphere i guess ! been to this joint twice, and one things for certain - it's consistent. the good - the burgers are decent (albeit super greasy), the hours are late, it's unpretentiousness and they've a nice drink selection. the bad - as mentioned above, the food is uber greasy, yeah i know it's a burger and fries joint, but you'll taste and feel of grease for hours afterwards. the fries are under seasoned, which is kind of amazing considering they have 4-5 different styles of toppings (e.g. green chilli, cheese etc.), but they make the simple and cardinal sin of now simply salting the fries out of the fryer - the result being a tasteless and greasy "dry" fry when you don't have any topping. yuck. now the ugly - the service. it's just plain awful, no other way to put it. both visits me and my companions have experienced different sorts of terrible service here. essentially, a fine place to come to load up on grease and have a late night drink. don't expect to be wowed (funny as you see a number of folks photographing the food!), but it'll fill you up without busting your wallet. better yet, go when you find a 50% off food voucher (as we did on our second visit), but still double check your bill (refer to service comment above!). i'm currently on a quest to find the best burger in london, and happened to find myself close to the meat liquor around lunch time. food: the burger was one of the best i've had. succulent, perfectly cooked beef patty, and the extras were all decent/good. plus for a perfectly sized bun that was sturdy enough to contain the burger+juices all the way through and didn't taste like plastic. the fries were basically mcdonald's fries. horrible and sad. plus for the array of condiments on the table. atmosphere: they're clearly going for ultra-casual, with scribbled-on and carved-up wooden beams and classroom chairs and stools. the weird thing is the tinted windows, which gives the whole place a dark, brooding feel which doesn't make you want to go in and doesn't rouse your appetite. service: friendly and helpful. food came out relatively promptly. i asked for my burger without pickles and ketchup. it arrived without the latter, but with the former. one thing to change: the fries! get us some real skin-on fries and maybe sweet potato fries as an alternative. sooo i'd been waiting to go to one of the meat liquor branches for a long time and a few weeks ago bf and i popped in to meat market in cg and bloomin loved it so went away vowing to try their other branches!low and behold i get an email over bank holiday weekend offering 50% off on tuesday 26th to beat those post bank holiday blues! well boy did they!?it was a toss up between meat liquor or meat mission but we decided to meat liquor (closer to home and reviews on yelp swayed me)i've heard queues can get ridiculous so we rocked up pretty early at 6. it was getting busy but we were seated straight away.man is it dark and noisy but you know what i liked it even though i couldn't hear my bf half the time.unlike meat market, there is table service, staff were friendly and service was reasonably quick.well the food was amazing! i had the bacon and cheese burger - soooo good, especially the bacon! bf had the red chilli burger which he liked but preferred mine! i tried the chilli - was delish but a bit spicy for me. we also got onion rings (the biggest and crispest you ever did see), coleslaw (to be healthy) and mac and cheese bites to share. best onion rings i've ever had (no lie) and i bloomin love the mac and cheese. menu is slightly different here (less burger choice) and also there is a side (monkey fingers) i want to try from meat mission so will definitely be going there next - if my heart can take it!they also don't do puddings which is a shame however i was so insanely full it shouldn't have mattered!in all came to 30 with a cocktail and 2 beers (50% off food) and tip - not bad seeing as i could barely roll home! second visit to meatliquor and decided to have food at the original outlet. we went during the five year anniversary where everything was 50% off (absolutely mad, and our wallets felt all the better for it). i ordered a dead hippie burger (my favourite) and we decided to share a garbage plate. it's not a plate of garbage - it's a huge plate of chips, caramelized onions, a patty, and barbecue sauce. and it was good. the patties in both burger and plate were dripping with juice as usual, and my friend wanted to go back to meatliquor again just for the garbage plate (she hates burger buns and loves chips). they played some great music as well, and while some may feel uncomfortable in the darkness, i loved it to bits and am ready to eat more meat. very friendly waiter as well who was nice and pretty prompt. ah meatliquor....two of my favourite words rolled into one!"me love meat and me love liquor" just like what i imagine the cavemen said before us as this is definitely a place for the most animalistic of carnivores.before deciding to come here for dinner, i'd passed this place many times and always thought of it as a strangely named nightclub. we came here on a whim so joined the traditionally long queue, as expected in london, but it didn't take long before we were ushered in. the club, sorry restaurant, is very dark. we felt like we were entering a cave. the whole place is wildly decorated, like the lovechild of dracula and marilyn manson, with blood spattering the walls and animal parts everywhere.this was all coupled with the traditional americana we have come to expect; a trendy diner come restaurant with booming rock n' roll music drowning out the chatter.the place was packed so we started at the bar. after a few cocktails of the cyder car, fallen angelita and space gin smash our table was ready!i went for the hippie fries (i have no idea what was in the hippie sauce) along with a bacon cheeseburger. on a previous visit i'd had the dead hippie burger, which didn't disappoint. the food was fantastic and it was one of the best burgers i'd had in a long time.if you love your meat and you love you burgers then this place is definitely for you!	0	1	1	0	0
 again a five star experience here when i can with my parents. the waitress was so lovely, the food delicious and still my favourite restaurant.the only drawback this time was that the chefs didn't present their own dishes like last time. still amazing experience though and can't wait to return! we turned up at 1.10 to a totally empty dining room which is fine or actually even nice because we can be loud and unfunny without fear.but we were shepherded to our table which was right in front of the door, and the table was a table for four people which had been laid out for five.there was a small unlaid table next to us perfect to add on which we asked if we could do. the man paused, looked quizzical then explained in great detail that this was how they laid out a table for five people. riiiggggght. but seeing as there is absolutely nobody here and the table is unlaid and literally ten inches away, maybe we could use it to spread out and feel a bit more comfortable?a mumble and then further explanation that this is the way they lay out for five people (two people each side and then they simply put another set one end where there clearly isn't room). we dropped it. scene set.10 minutes later he came back and set up the extra table for us of his own accord. i'd almost prefer it if he had stuck to his guns.it's hard to bring it back from that point and the waitress didn't even try. the menu is small. three choices of starter and main. each with something challenging in it. tony d, the oink of the group, asked what a brandade of cod was. she looked at him like he was some sort of clown - he is but that's not for her to know - and said "it's a fish!" when he explained he knew the cod bit but not the brandade bit she positively rejoiced in her total ignorance, screwing her face up and producing a shrug which could register on the richter scale which said "why the fuck should i know?". well you should know cos it's your job to know and if you actually became interested in the food you might enjoy what you do a little more. thankfully the afternoon got much better. good wine flowed, the company was great fun as usual and the food was fantastic. delicious, thoughtful and so smartly presented. classic flavours but feeling quite modern in the way they were put together. i started with a dish of a cheddar gooey base topped with a foamy onion thing. it was lovely. great flavours and textures. simply presented. followed it with sea bream which had a perfectly done crispy skin and succulent moist flesh underneath. it was accompanied by the deep taste of fennel and the salty freshness of samphire plus some crunchy veg for texture and held together in a sauce which didn't stay on the plate long enough for me to give any real detail.the dishes were perfectly portioned even for a greedy guts like me but i juuuuuust had room for a pudding. brillat savarin cheesecake with an orange sauce. a total triumph. i've tried making this cake before and it was a complete disaster. this was expertly executed. salty cheese filling, bitter orange glaze, sweet base (although not nearly enough of it). i envy the skill and i wolfed the product. we were joined by only one other table but the room is small enough that it didn't feel like we were sitting in an empty cathedral. the place is certainly smart and nicely done but it feels slightly style over substance. a wall of trendy lamps at the back. a spiral staircase leading to a brick wall up front. the food felt effortless. the place felt a little try hard.the menu was 25 for three courses, 19 for two. something of a bargain but you'll pay with silly service and affected surroundings. the corner room is a quality fine dining experience. we went on a quiet thursday night and had the taster menu. it costs 75 with taster wine. 45 without. we had the wine. everything was excellent. i can't fault a dish that was served. a particular favourite was the foamed goats cheese. but the lamb was good and perfectly cooked. i highly recommend this place if you want something a bit special, but without the intensity of some michelin restaurants. amazing little place.it is so nicely decorated, that you don't want to leave once you've stepped through the threshold. it seems like the place has it's own story to tell. the interior is a combination of modern and urban styles. maybe the most memorable thing about it are all the lights hanging from the ceiling on cords with different lengths. you can have a lovely launch here, and i think it is appropriate for meetings. although the food isn't something really amazing, it's still quite satisfying. they take time to decorate your dishes making them really fancy and i felt guilty for devouring my good-looking meal.the staff are all very polite and welcoming. overall another good restaurant in the area, that deserves a visit. someone, please fly me back to london. having done some homework on new restaurants in the city, i decided to make the trip to bethnal green to try and find the place. i think this is the sister restaurant to viajante? which apparently closed?anyway, once at the town hall hotel, i had some trouble actually finding the restaurant and got myself twisted around a bit, even ending up in a linen closet. but, once i did get through the door the lunch i had there was totally worth it. i started off with the bream. sort of like a delicate ceviche, it came topped with thread-like apple strips and perfectly crunchy salt, and dotted with a great, deep green finishing oil and hazelnut pieces. then came the iberico pork on barley pilaf. this was excellent -- rustic and subtle. the pork comes pink, which gave me some pause, but i suppose if you're working with bespoke swine like they are, you're allowed some more freedom with the preparation. smoky and marbled, it was like a perfectly medium-rare steak of pork. a real treat in a quieter part of the city, the corner room does a bang-up job and won't kill your budget either. on a quiet rainy day this small and quirky restaurant can be a lovely spot of respite. the food was small in portions but grand in flavour and simplicity but be warned that you may want to go home and make a big portion of pasta for yourself. i had the bream to start with and the chefs accidently (im guessing) finished off my friends bowl of the same with my hazelnuts, so i had none. boo. but on the flip side, it was still lovely and light with apple strips and fresh raw fish. i then had the cod as my main and it was like eating a garden in a bowl. a bit too green for my taste and not enough seasoning.my dessert was ok, i had the apple and fruit with ice cream. it was nice, but my friend was the winner with his choices with the chocolate salty caramel dish with cinnamon ice cream. boom. that was incredible. overall it was nice, but i don't think i'll be going again for awhile. i was really impressed with the overall cooking quality at the corner room, very good usage of fine ingredients, good depth of flavours with a clean and contemporary presentation. not to mention the price which was amazing value for money, a main course costing 12.50 at that kind of level is just something i wasn't expecting at all, we ended up paying not even 25 per person in total for a two course dinner. service was also smart and easy going and i would highly recommend corner room if you are seeking a great quality dining experience in bethnal green without needing to spend a fortune. i really like the corner room - its a hidden gem in this part of east london!tucked inside a former town hall, its quite a small restaurant. but the food is delicious. you might be disappointed when first reading the menu as it sounds so simply described, but the technique, creativity, and flavours are just phenomenal.prices are also really very reasonable for the quality you're getting. food is fresh. decor superb. service friendly and discrete. will come back. (only thing is that 2pounds for bread albeit the 1 piece of breadi had was heavenly) i can't get over the corner room. cannot. get. over.when i sat down with a group of friends we were all suddenly a-twitter with thoughts like: "could one of us get married here?" "could we have an anniversary party here?" "is this a space that we could use for a birthday?" "can we come here monthly for book club?"i, honestly, have no idea about the answer to any of the questions above. but i can share this: the corner room is meticulously decorated and will make you feel good to eat there. even before you get to the food.evenings are walk-in, and lunch service offers reservations as well as a 2 and 3 course prix-fixe menu. i had cod atop a clam porridge. it felt gutsy to order, but extremely comforting to eat. sweet cod, only slightly briney clams, warm porridge. the service was impeccable, and my lunch companions were also impressed with their choices of beef tartare, confit duck yolk and savoy cabbage, and beet salad. food plating was beautiful.yelp note: it would be a shame not to check out the rest of the hotel while you're there. art installations everywhere! kiwi water in the lobby! beautiful building with some very careful design choices! let me start by saying that i very much enjoyed the food. the warm eel and beet salad was perfectly seasoned and flavorful. and the partridge with cranberry sausage (no casing!) and parsnip was elevated beyond homey or nostalgic to something that would fit at a michelin-starred restaurant. however, the service felt somewhat uneven (e.g., one of the servers went as far as to offer alternatives to my wine selection for the partridge dish, ultimately letting me choose, and the other acted like he was doing me a favor to put the food on the table). i did find myself a little hungry afterward, but that may just be the fact that i was quite hungry to begin with. notwithstanding, i would recommend visiting the corner room (at least once); the food is great, and the prices are right. the service may become an afterthought. i must get my hands on the recipe for the portuguese "bread pudding". oh my.service is okay, but that's beside the point because the food is so good. i think of it as viajante-level cooking taken off steroids. innovative combinations but faultlessly executed, not to mention at a fraction of the price. my favourites include grilled squid with romesco, seabass ceviche and most importantly the iberico pork with "bread pudding". words cannot describe how delicious the bread pudding is - i can only imagine that a ton of butter went into making it. chunks of soft buttery bread stewed in a tangy tomato sauce. ahhh.go early if you don't want to queue, or make it a late lunch. be sure to order the pork/bread pudding dish - you can thank me later. love love this place. i have recently moved to london and have asked a few locals where would a good place would be to go for a nice dinner, where i don't have to spend a ton of money? the corner room is it! rumor has it, that this restaurant was started by a michelin starred chef who wanted to scale down and cater to local people who would be trying out some of his new creations. i am not 100% sure if this is true or not, but the prospect alone was enough to get me in the door. we were immediately greeted and served upon our arrival. 2 courses for about 20 each. i had the aged steak and broccoli spears and they both could not have been more perfect. my only complain we're the desserts, they were just so far out there and intricate that they were hard to enjoy especially after a complex meal. other than that, please do yourself a favor and visit this place, you won't regret it! people often ask me why i don't visit london more often, since my brother lives there. my steadfast answer: london sucks when you don't have money!!!however, lunch at this restaurant made me rethink my answer.absolutely fabulous!!! you can go to viajante, or you can go upstairs and get 2 courses for 15 or 3 courses for 19 at the corner room. free on-tap sparkling/still filtered water, lovely and good.also, if they screw up, they'll comp you something. which they did to me. yesterday. hence: house red at lunch. and not bad olde worldy wine. yum. my friend raved about this place, and i can see why. an inconspicuous eatery hidden in the town hall hotel (the building used to be a functional town hall), the corner room offers a modern take of basic ingredients. a bit risky to go there for dinner as they do not take reservations after 7 pm and you might have to wait a while, but no worries, there is an adjacent dimly-lit waiting room filled with old books and wooden furniture -- i felt like i should have struck a conversation about literature. we waited about 30 minutes on a saturday night. the dining room itself is small; it holds no more than 30 people. i like the setup of the dining room with its many lamps hung on one wall.the drinks and food selection are limited, which means you will most likely not get something you want off the menu. case in point, my friend wanted a simple vodka martini, and the hostess said they do not have vermouth or the martini glass for the drink. yet they have carpano antica formula vermouth, which i suppose they do not make martinis? some of their special drinks they had that night were "southern lemonaid" made with rum and "lychee punch."the menu was simple but interesting. we started our meal with some grilled st. jude cheese, which reminded me of camembert. i had a scallop appetizer, which was cooked and seasoned nicely. we only had 2 options for main course: cod with sprouting broccoli and white pork with onions (there were other ingredients but i forgot). i opted for the cod, which was juicy and delicious. the modern twist to the dish was the cod skin fried like a crisp; it reminded me of the asian shrimp chips but tasted much better. my friend enjoyed his pork main as well. we ended our course with the only 2 desserts available: compressed strawberries with burrata cheese and shortbread and hazelnut frozen panna cotta. the strawberry dish was definitely a food-play (is that a term?) on a caprese salad. it almost tasted like that. the frozen panna cotta was reminiscent of hazelnut ice cream; i like this dessert better.overall, it was a fun foodie experience for a fair price (about 45 for 2 drinks, shared cheese, starter, main, and shared dessert). all i can say is the ibrico pork was the best meal i can remember ever having. ever. anywhere in the world. and it was the price of a pub meal. and around the corner from my house. no words. don't think, just go. now. yum.p.s. the hotel is pretty amazing as well. charming place. casual but nice setting.1. beef heart starter - 3 stars - decent flavor but they should have kept the meat in larger pieces rather than cutting them up into too small pieces. i felt the smaller pieces didn't offer you a chance to get a true flavor and texture of delicious beef hearts2. pork main - 4 stars - now this i enjoyed very much. pork was perfectly cooked with amazing flavor3. can't recall what i got for dessert but of course 2 bottles of wine and a bottle of dessert wine later for 3 ppl and you can see why i can't remember....:)4. wine select was limited but we did enjoy what we chosewill definitely hit this place up again! stylish, tasty, clever, and light food. worth every (not very much) penny. should have its own michelin star... or maybe even two. a town hall converted to a posh hotel/restaurant? inefficient public servants swept aside by the profit-driven private sector? this could be cameron's favourite eatery if he ever denigrated himself to visit hackney (ok, ok, it's really tower hamlets)! but, fortunately, dave is completely oblivious to the corner room. not surprising, given it's complete lack of internet presence. or sign. even knowing of its existence, we still had to ask for directions at the hotel reception.four of us turned up around 7pm on a friday and were seated immediately (there's no bookings, and it can get busy). we were warned of the 90-minute table policy, but never felt remotely pressured to finish up for the second seating. service was swift and attentive throughout the evening. servers were well informed, but never pompous or pretentious. most importantly, the food was great. and genuinely interesting. my mackerel and gooseberry sorbet starter was fantastic, quite unlike anything else i've eaten recently. mains (aged beef with pomegranate, pork and bread pudding, duck with something bonkers) veered towards the small side, but were very rich, leaving one feeling satisfied but not stuffed. critically, they left room for desserts. which were equally tasty. the bill ran to ~130 for the four of us, but there wasn't much boozing going on. still, for such a high quality three-course meal, that's good value in my book.get yourself over there before people start queueing out the door. this is it! the zenith of affordable dining. i could happily not go to another restaurant... and this is after just trying brunch.5 stars go just to the staff. the head waiter (maitre d doesn't seem quite right in this instance) is incredibly knowledgeable about all the dishes and will take the time to explain the provenance of every ingredient on your plate. he is also an expert at making bloody marys, again giving the provenance of the potato vodka used.the room is reasonably small and incredibly tastefully decorated. having seen the before pictures online they have really given something back to the building by decorating this room in this fashion. my only criticism would be that it can get a little noisy with so many hard surfaces.the brunch menu was a well balanced selection of classics, all with great care taken over them. the poached artichoke was a beautiful dish on the plate and a perfect light start to the day. the basket of pain au chocolat and assorted pastries was a delight as well. we happily whiled away almost 2 hours chatting, not once being made to feel rushed.this is definitely on my absolute favourite list and i'll be back to try the dinner menu, and i'm sure for brunch several more times. this is the second time i've been to corner room. the first time was excellent. to my regret, the second time was pretty average. three dishes from their already small menu were not available. the service was sub-par, particularly for a restaurant affiliated with viajante. there was a lot of slamming cutlery, bottles, dishes down; without any explanation or even acknowledgment that we were there. there was a 25 minute wait between courses. the dessert (pannacotta) was served as a melting slop on a plate. for a restaurant of this caliber, you would expect good service. no, i'd say you'd expect stellar service. and for a space this small you'd expect it would be easy to get someone's attention. oh no, no, no. first of all the hostess should be fired for never even cracking a smile and for being so aloof and clueless. the waiter we had was a joke. couldn't open a wine bottle, got the order wrong, and was just crap for what i would have expected. we joked that i should just trip them as they ran by us ignoring us in hopes of getting their attention. now the food was great--generous bread basket and stuffed olives to start, lovely appetizers--chorizo, squid, tomatoes, beretta and strawberries (yum), and ceviche (which was excellent).mains were good (albeit small). i loved the portuguese pork and the lamb was tasty as well, but one of the guys i was with needed a second main to fill up.desserts were disappointing--some kind of frozen turnip milk thing was voted yuck by the entire table. my dessert was so deconstructed that i didn't know what i had ordered--it was supposed to be goat cheese caramel, berries, brioche--but i couldn't recognize the ingredients. and oh, they don't serve coffees or teas.now i know i sound negative, but i did like it very much. the room is great--intimate, casual and unique. the food was excellent!!!! wines were under 35. the hotel is magnificent and of course you can have tasty drinks at the viajante bar while waiting for your table. come early and prepare to wait!!!! and please if you are reading this, address the service! great place menu designed by michelin star chef with great classic dishes, wines and deserts.you can't book a table but have to wait up to 60mins once you put ur name on list but that's not a problem as they also have an amazing cocktail bar to sample. i'm already a huge fan of the town hall hotel, so when i was asked to organise lunch in bethnal green, i immediately suggested the corner room. they do a fantastic deal for lunch 2 courses for 19 or 3 courses for 23, what a winner! nuno mendez is a genius creating interesting menus based around seasonal ingredients. i had the sea bass cerviche to start, which had the cutest baby carrots i have ever seen and an amazing crunchy stuff sprinkled all over it. for main i had the iberico pork with clams and yeast. it was delish! the yeast was a thin crispy sheet which absorbed the beautiful sauce. didn't have dessert as i was there wasn't time but i did spy another table's and they looked very pretty. great little spot for a cosy lunch or a pit stop for a coffee/tea. another place in which i had such a great experience that i am hesitating back and forth whether to review or not. if the ambiance, food and service remain the same the next visit i will be adding the corner room to my list of favourite places in london (currently only has two items on it which should give you an indication of how much i liked my meal here).the interior is full of wooden detailing and little quirky things like the tiny fire escape ladder leading to a minuscule door close to the ceiling, or the multitude of mixed lamps hanging along the rear wall. it's a really relaxed atmosphere and i just couldn't believe how deserted it was on a saturday afternoon. at the its busiest that morning less than half of the tables were taken.so what about food? well, as much as i thoroughly enjoyed everything else there the food was the thing that really stands out in my memory. in fact, thinking of it now elicits a pavlovian response in me.starter first, the beginning of the meal to entice you, pull you in, leave you wanting more. all this it did and more. a seemingly simple dish of chorizo and poached eggs turned out to have sublime features to it, little angels tickling the taste buds. as with the other dishes at the corner room it was about the combination of flavours, harmonious and complementing.on to the mains which were the highlight of the experience. the lamb with salsa verde was a picture of ordered chaos, everything about it reinforcing the desire to devour. not being from the uk i have a confession to make i am not a fan of the lamb + mint combination but this is the one and only time when i've seen the light and understood the connection, so well paired they were that i set all objections and scepticism aside and ingested it while barely sparing time for breathing.the other main was the masterpiece of this procession of pertinacious perambulations of palate perplexity, a palliative for the appetite, combinations i weren't expecting. a description of iberico pork with portuguese bread pudding was not preparing me for what i was served. i don't like using the word as i think it's wildly overused but the best description is 'divine'. after finishing it i would gladly have licked the plate if the waiter wouldn't have hovered around our table. the pork was so succulent and tender that it was only second to the one at dinner by heston that received a kobe beef style treatment. the bread pudding was really tasty and i felt i could easily have had another portion consisting of nothing but this.dessert materialised in the form of brownie with blueberries and custard. the thing you are imaging in your head reading this is different from actually having it. it was definitely one of the best brownies i've had and the custard as well.go, go now. run, don't walk. a small part of me almost didn't review - just to keep this gem for myself. after getting a taste of nuno mendes style during london's restaurant festival - i knew we needed to make it over to bethnal green for the real deal meal. i decided to ease into it with the corner room, after finding a deal for 3 courses and an aperatif for 25 quid. i can say, by far, this is the best lunch i've had in london. we got there quite late in the day with our reservations so the pork and steak were gone - we settled on the sea bream and pigs head for appetisers and lamb and whatever the fish special was for our main course. none of the main courses sounded particularly appetising from the mere words on paper - but we were pleasently surprised. both my partner and i are rather quick eaters - not to say we don't enjoy our food - but we have a tendency to go out to dinner and return home within the hour. corner room was in a league of it's own, though. we ended up tallying a bill of about 80 quid and spending 3 hours - slowly going through our courses, enjoying a wine pairing, and finishing off with limencello and coffee. it was one of the most enjoyable eating experiences i've had yet in london. the pairings of tastes are really unreal (don't miss the beetroot dessert!) as the menu changes infrequently - we will make the seasonal trek over - i look forward to trying the sister menu at vijante. love love love.i think i went here 3 times in almost as many weeks and loved it every time.its not a place you would easily find, unless you knew where you were going. another project of nuno mendes, he flawless creates this other world, tucked away in the top of the bethnal green town hall hotel. simple decor, with a wall covered in hanging lights, a spiral staircase that leads to nowhere, everything makes sense and yet causes you to do a double take. and then smile, in observation.the dishes are works of art, and yet not so over the top as to not be accessible. the service is friendly and professional. and sweet. and kind. the type of service that half of me thinks 'aww..' but not in a condescending kind of way. in a way that makes you believe that they love what they do.small menu, that changes a bit often. reasonably priced. amazing food.done. food was delicious and really beautifully presented, but the service was pretty terrible. i was attended to by three different waiters, one of whom was polite, friendly, and knowledgeable, but the other two were woeful. so i think i may have found another hotspot to add to my london list of favourite eateries.i had my sister in town visiting, so i was determined to take her somewhere fabulous. but with most hip and happening places in london these days, it's a no reservations policy. and in the case of the corner room, there's also no website or telephone number, so you'll just have to take my word, that it's gooooooood.housed in the town hall hotel in bethnal green, the corner room is the more laid back, baby sister of the reputable viajante run by nuno mendes; one of the hottest young chefs around.the space is simple, light and airy, yet stylish in design; with the back wall featuring an eye catching installation of vintage style hanging lamps.we arrived at 6.30pm on a tuesday night and were given a 2 hour turnaround time. and with one of us late (as usual), i decided to order for the table to save some time.so we basically order all the entrees on the menu. all at 7 each, the highlight for me was the squid with jersey royals and fennel, followed by the mackerel with melon, pistachio and gooseberry granita. both were seasoned to perfection while the mackerel dish was a creative and innovative combination that (surprisingly) worked very wellthe iberico pork pluma with portuguese bread pudding (12) for mains was pretty specialit came out rare!!for a brief moment i thought there might have been a mix up with the lamb rump dish (12) we ordered, but it was then confirmed by our charming waitress that this was in fact how pluma should be served.and with every forkful, we were convinced. soft melt-in-the-mouth deliciousness of rare iberico pork pluma seems to be the way forwardnot that i'd ever be brave enough to make this dish at home though.dessert wise (all at 5), the dark chocolate and caramel with peanut butter ice cream was a clear winnerthink of it as a deconstructed snickers bar.at 35 a head with a glass of wine each, the corner room is a great chance to experience some of nuno's culinary delights at very affordable prices. and with a constantly changing seasonal menu, this is one place i definitely plan to frequent regularly. a restaurant within a hotel, and by no means a hotel restaurant nobody is putting this baby in the cornerfor full reviews and pictures, please go to gourmetbelly.wordpress.c x	0	0	1	0	0
 oh my god brawn was good. i came with colleagues for lunch, and the food was outstanding. we ordered quite a few dishes and shared. i think my highlight was probably the tuscan style beef, which was effectively a serving of finely chopped raw beef. the scotch egg was also excellent, as were all the other porky dishes we ordered.the wine was good, and reasonably priced. service was also excellent. recommended. horrendous service, takes 30 minutes between courses even though they only offer a set menu on sunday. takes longer for a three-course lunch than degustation at other places! won't be back i had a very nice diner at brawn. first it is located in a quiet neighbourhood and it makes you feel very relaxed (especially after a rushed eurostar/metro/walking journey). the place itself is very nice, busy but not crowded. the menu changes every night (with some basics often coming back). we picked 2 different starters to share: something with crab and a classic mozzarella. both very good! then, i followed my friend's advice and ordered the squid with black pudding. even though i found the combo a bit strange he guaranteed me it would taste great. and it indeed did! he picked the lamb that was very good too. we also had a nice bottle of wine recommended by a friendly staff. i spent a very pleasant night. i found the prices a bit high butok i guess for cool place in london.. great ambiance with lovely understated french decor. we came for dinner and everything was tasty. of the starters, the highlight was the crab and celeriac. i often find shelled crab bland but this was flavoursome and lovely paired with the thinly sliced celeriac salad.  the other starters were good but less standout-ish. duck hearts were perfectly cooked but the polenta was slightly underseasoned. carne salata was colourful and beautifully presented. salt cod contrasted nicely with the potatoes. if the mains, the best was the squid and black pudding. delicious!! i ordered the oxtail which unfortunately was served off the bone. i liked it but didn't love it. the house red wine was better than the bottle we ordered so i would definitely recommend just getting that. overall, a very good meal at brawn. brawn, brawn, brawn...i don't know where to start with you. my boyfriend and i visited brawn when they first opened and had one of the best meals of both our lives. we went for the slightly more off-beat items on the menu. himself had pigs trotters and i had brawn...well i just had to! the sharing board to start gave us the first glimpse and taste of what to expect and the bottle of delicious red wine completed the evening. dessert may have been a step too far because although scrumptious the food is really rich and there really wasn't enough room for a pud!we've been back a number of times since our first visit and whilst the food is excellent, we found the menu had strayed away from the less well-known cuts of meats which we felt was a shame. don't get me wrong you won't get a bad meal at brawn and the service is great but it just set too high a standard during our first visit! we stopped in last sunday for lunch after we (tried) to visit columbia road flower market. while we abandoned our attempt to walk through the madness that was the flower market (i.e. one of the worst crowds we saw during our weekend in london), we retreated to brawn, an unassuming restaurant located at the start of the flower market, at the corner of columbia road and ravenscroft street.on sundays, brawn serves a 3-course set lunch for 28/person. while the menu is pre-determined for the day (takes the thinking out of what to eat for lunch), you will not be disappointed with the restaurant's choices. no fancy dishes here. rather, brawn is yelp-worthy for the fresh and natural ingredients that it uses. i still remember the tomatoes used in its salad- one of the freshest tomatoes that i have tasted inside a restaurant. this is how food should taste like all the time!5 stars for the food. one star off for the wait - the time between the 3 courses was a bit too long. amazing. great bang for your buck. the food is heavenly. i love that it's not pretentious either. dinner at brawn + post-dinner wine at sagers & wild = perfect date. there you have it -- in case you don't read any further, i've progressed your romantic life just a bit. brawn has quickly perched itself atop my "low key, but excellent dining spots in london" list. based on two visits, i must finally divulge my thoughts on this columbia road pearl. first, make a reservation or take your chances. it was comfortably full on a saturday evening, and our group of 4 could only secure a 6pm dinner slot. it's very easy via toptable, so do yourself a favor and skip the stress, just make one. it's a difficult balance to strike: excellent, thoughtful, locally-sourced food in an unpretentious atmosphere with genuine service. in fact, it's scarce. brawn pulls it off beautifully. on my most recent visit -- i enjoyed a glass of prosecco, the prosciutto (a must off the piggy portion of the menu), icelandic cod, rabbit ravioli, a delicious onglet, the cheese souffle (a mainstay on the menu it seems, don't miss it!) and a fresh green salad. not a miss in the bunch. plates are meant for sharing and come out as soon as they are ready...and on this particular night, they were flying out of the kitchen, much to our delight. oh, and the dessert. a tangy, light cheesecake with passionfruit, sea salt chocolate mousse and a berry crumble. our table was delighted. the desserts aren't fancy, but they pack a serious sweet punch. *upon request they refilled our sourdough breadbasket and butter gleefully. it's almost like when attending a party and the servers keep filling your wine glass without you noticing, and then -- you realize you unintentionally drank too much. the sourdough bread (made right in hackney) is so delicious, i suggest you get "bread drunk" as i did. beers on offer of interest: kernel. my husband loves this, so perhaps worth noting. i stick the chalkboard wine list...rotating often. they are known to have an excellent selection of beer and wine to accompany the food. one of my favorites. pro-date-tip: follow it up with a visit to sagers & wild (just down the way on ravenscroft street). review to follow, of course... fantastic food with friendly service. it was our last night in london, so we splurged. their sourdough bread is magical: chewy on the inside, crunchy on the outside, with just the right hint of a tang. i hadn't yet been to a place in england that gave complimentary bread, so i was really excited. the butter that's served is soft (as it should be!) and it was all i could do to stop myself from completely filling myself up before my actual food came.good thing i didn't-- my appetizer, the burrata with roasted broccolini, had a great balance of smooth and smoky. my friend's appetizer was even better! the clam dish let the clams sing, accenting them with some garlic and scallions (and there was no grit at all!). we ended up ordering another to share, since it was that good. we also shared the scotch egg, which was surprisingly spicy. i've never had one before, so i don't know if this is how they usually are. it was a tiny quail egg, so not the usual version, but i really liked it. we ordered the charcuterie plate and my friends loved the terrine that came with it. my main dish was hake, mussels and fingerling potatoes in a creamy but light sauce (it had green bits in it but i forgot what they were). the fish was perfectly cooked. we also tried the other fish, the plaice meuniere (served on the bone), which came with mashed potatoes. pretty good, but not as delicious as my hake. my other friend ordered the souffle, which came with a side salad, and she really enjoyed it as well.we had a leisurely two or so hour dinner-- the place was virtually empty when we arrived at 7 but very busy when we left after 9. our waitress and the other staff were very friendly and came over consistently but not annoyingly. appetizers came out very quickly, as did the complimentary bread (which they refilled); it took a little longer for our entrees, but since we liked the environment, it was nice to just sit and chat.it's got kind of a hipster vibe, with wooden tables and candlelight, and it's in a little bit of a sketchy neighborhood (at least the parts we walked through from the london overground). but it's definitely worth checking out! brawn doesn't disappoint. quality ingredients and delicious recipes make for a star dinner. the menu changes regularly, though not big everything we have tried has been on point. food and are are a bit of a french/italian mix. service is prompt and piteous but not over the top. perfect for a date night or good meal out with friends. brawn was out of the way, in a semi-dodgy but up and coming section of shoreditch with some funky shops down the street on columbia road. a junky or traveler chick asked me for money near the front door. not a threatening spot at all.across from an ever-present london neighborhood park, brawn is an unprepossessing corner restaurant with some outdoor seats for the ever present smokers that litter london pubs and restaurant exteriors. these smokers have excellent taste.inside very low key. almost ikea furniture. i was totally underwhelmed.then there is the food. one of the best meals i've had in london or anywhere for quite some time.this is a 4 course menu - apparently there is a 3 course prix fixe set menu that i didnt see. there are 'taste ticklers' like 'scratchings', which i think are like fried pork rinds, there is 'pig', which is pork pate and charcuterie, there are starters and then there are mains. the items apparently change around.for taste tickers i had a shrimp on a stick that was excellent. for pig, we had brawn, rilette and some salami. the brawn and rilette are country pates and a mousse respectively. both excellent and i am sure even better paired with the bread that i don't eat (no gluten). this came with gherkins.for starters the duck hearts are out of this world. they were skewered and looked and chewed like miniature steak. incredible. get this. also excellent but not as much, were the escargots.for entrees, there is an excellent onglet. the menu for entrees looks to change often.the wine list is extensive and expansive and contains many bio-dynamic wines. do not expect a lot of classic clarets. there are some excellent cocktails that appear to be made of vermouth, amaro, campari etc. i had one, it was great.go out of your way and little and head to brawn. you'll be glad you stretched a little. i wish this restaurant was a neighborhood stop for us. instead we made a destination dinner one saturday night based on the yelp reviews and our day date in shoreditch. we meandered over to brawn and yelp didn't fail us. it was exactly what we expected which was excellent food in a charming, hipster minimalist atmosphere. beware--the food is rich. we had the crab, risotto and snails on toast with bacon and garlic butter. all incredibly delicious but very filling and rich.there is a nice wine list and the servers are all nicer than the next. we had excellent, fresh "nose to tail" food, with lambs rain & rabbit, and very good service and decor in columbia road. went to brawn this weekend with visitors and can't wait to go back! more on our meal below, but first: i'm friends with lots of vege- and pescatarians, and people who aren't adventurous eaters and blah blah blah. somehow, oddly, i'd bring them all to brawn. we would skip the charcuterie course obviously, but i have no doubt that they would be more than pleased with the many non-daring, non-pork, non-meat items on this not-so-huge menu. currently, there are three vegetarian and two pescatarian starters (of seven), as well as two vegetarian entrees and two pescatarian starters (also of seven). so though the place is named brawn, and the logo is a... strange amalgam of a pig and a bottle of wine, check out their menu online before you go if you are doubting whether they have something for you. just saying! anyway: we started with nduja scotch eggs, a charcuterie platter with salami, brawn, and what was basically a huge scoop of the pork equivalent of chopped liver--i honestly don't know what it was called, but it was delicious. brawn (the dish) itself is not my thing, but my fellow diners loved it.for starters, we had the isle of man queenies (which melted in my mouth and were generally exquisite), the tomato salad (beautiful toms with great flavor) and the mozzarella salad (good but nothing special was the diner's report).entrees were saffron risotto with seafood (two of us ordered it, couldn't resist) and atlantic cod, which we paired all of this with two summery bottles of lambrusco and were just pleased as punch. portion sizes were perfect (not precious, not overwhelming) and all of the flavors were spot-on. my risotto would have been paella if it were less creamy and if the rice had been caramelized on the bottom of the skillet, so calling it a risotto was a smart move. it was delicious.desserts were a cherry trifle and a white peach pavlova, both heavenly and delicately flavored (i don't like cherry desserts, but i liked this one). friendly service, lovely atmosphere, great experience. this place came highly recommended, so i can only assume our experience was atypical. biggest problem was the pretentious waiter. perhaps the predominantly 20-something patrons are impressed, but anyone with a shred of culinary knowledge and confidence of their own would be turned off by his attitude. did he really think becoming argumentative with my dining partner about his wine would win him a bigger tip? positives: nice minimalist decor and my food was excellent, so i'm giving 4 stars for that. i loved dinner here.my plan of attack was to order alot of small dishes in order to taste as much as possible. it was all delicious and the bread and butter was hard to stop eating.wine list was varied and nicely priced.make a rez especially at dinner time lest you be turned away. you know how it's really cringey when you watch the family stone and the guy that was dating sjp ends up with clare danes? why is it that if you like one person and they have a sibling, your sexual attraction seems to carry over? well, despite my best efforts to never have this happen to me in real life, brawn, i've also been in love with your sister, though i'll let you decide who is the sjp of this situation (i've always been more of a clare danes fan, but really just from mscl but she's also the reason it only lasted one season so i kind of blame her for that as well... ... ... i'm getting off track).since this is my neighborhood branch of this lovely little arrangement, i finally made a stop in with some friends for dinner. it was a bit slow at first and i thought maybe my making a reservation was over-ambitious but within the hour, the entire place filled up! we went with some onglet steaks and cheese souffle, delightful. a wine reccomendation from the server, delightful... and you know how i feel about places with sparkling water on tap. delightful. these are the things that make you excited in your 30s. great cosy place for dinner, could easily be a bit on the romantic side or a table of 4 catching up over a bottle of wine...just watch out for the one friend that brings the conversation back to her man troubles, she'll be the sjp of your life. we came here for lunch on a rainy february day. the restaurant looks slightly non-descript from the street and inside the minimalist theme continues with clean white walls and compact tables. however with some good tunes playing in the background, buzzy atmosphere and friendly staff, brawn is immediately relaxing. the menu is presented tapas style with our waitress recommending 2-3 per person. this allowed us a fair chance to explore the menu, ordering the charcuterie plate, chard/anchovies, tapenade, salt beef hash and duck egg and a crab raviolo. all were excellent with the terrine on the charcuterie plate really standing out with pronounced piggy flavours and a good dense texture although everything was very good. we finished with the salted caramel crepes which were absolutely delicious. a further reason to visit it the wine list which is both good value and interesting with a biodynamic/organic focus. we only ordered from the 'by the glass' part of the list but found plenty to enjoy. the remainder of the list provides a good reason to return! a recent visit was my first this year and definitely an improvement on the last visit in later last year; wine list remains stunning and food on this visit was great. between the four of us we had a good range of the available menu and everything was a textbook example of high quality ingredients treated with respect and enough creativity to make them interesting.if i was being picky then service was a little haphazard, but always done with a friendly attitude and a smile. i'm sure people do travel for this, but to me a great 'local' place i know i can rely and will always have a good time. this is a new fave in london. like its sister restaurant terroirs, this place knows how to deliver simple and delicious food and an unassuming atmosphere. first of all, it lights up colombia road and its big windows just scream warth and conviviality. we had a very generous waitress who spent lots of time walking us through the menu which was quite long and filled with small dishes and larger dishes.my favorites were the wild mushrooms, the leek gratin, the to-die-for dorset clams, and the sauerkraut, sausage and horseradish dish.we ate so much, drank, desserted and coffeed and the bill came to 35 a piece. not bad! the wooden tables gave it a relaxed feel and we just enjoyed the experience. feels like the best of local eating..... got here on a beautiful sunday for lunch with a friend and i wasn't disappointed. looked up a nice place near schoreditch on thrillist and i liked immediately the atmosphere from the pictures. needless to say that when inside it was much better, very warm and welcoming.they give us a table for 2 even though we didn't book, but i have to say the place was not full.the starters were some salami and scotch eggs (delicious!!) and pumpkin. we had a lovely cod fillet with potatoes for mail and probably the best pannacotta i've ever had for dessert. and i'm italian.the menu with starter, main course and dessert comes for 28 with drinks on top.not the cheapest, but the place look cozy and the food is amazing.will go back soon. one of the best meals i have had in london. the gnocchi with morels were incredible, and i am not a fan of gnocchi at all.the clams were simply cooked and in heavenly olive oil.each glass of wine suggested by the waitress were delicious at spot on.i can not wait to go back. the only thing i don't like about brawn is not always being able to get a table....but even that is ok, since it has allowed me to dine at the bar many times. and here you get to really experience how attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly the staff is. i just love this place, and if i lived in the neighborhood, i'd be there many nights a week for a glass or two of wine.the food: as many have mentioned, they tend to include a lot of the less glamorous parts of the beast......but hey, it's named "brawn," so no surprises there. there are plenty of things for the less adventurous though, and, more importantly, they do a great job with fresh, seasonal ingredients put together in flavorful ways. i still dream of a roasted jerusalem artichoke dish they had, not to mention the different variations of scallops and mussels i've had. but i really do love the meat, from nose to tail: brawn and rillettes, always great as starters. the blood sausage over frisee had the right amount of acid to cut through the richness of the sausage.and because i trust them so much on the food, when i saw a calves brain starter i thought: well, if i'm ever gonna try this, and if there's a chance of me ever liking this, then it's here. and it was, in fact, delicious (definitely too rich as a small dish for 1...perfect to be split). so that's my new rule there: try anything and everything, they won't let you down.the wine: these are serious wine people. i'm only a lazy and vaguely aspiring serious wine person, and not really. and this is the perfect place for me because they are so enthusiastic, knowledgeable and opinionated about the wine and food, they're willing to push you in surprising directions. again, i've never been let down, and i've almost always been utterly delighted.the space: as mentioned, it's not always easy to get a table. but i really like sitting at the bar and would recommend it to anyone solo or even a pair. getting a table is nice though: they're well-spaced, so you don't feel like you're a part of your neighbor's private conversation (and visa versa). they have a larger back room, both sides are nice. it's not flashy, it doesn't solicit a self-anointed beautiful crowd to loiter in the bar area -- if that's your seen, there are better places to be seen.one of my very favorite restaurants, in any city. another great place to eat in east london, will be one of my regular restaurants for the future.the food was great, and although french it definately felt like it had some spanish influences. the parma ham was delicious, pork crackling as a starter sublime and the onglet with salad reined supreme (although slightly tough) - i wouldn't mark it down on this though, as a whole brawn delivered for a romantic night with the girlfriend! this spot is a favorite of the friends with whom i was staying a few weeks ago, and became a favorite of mine. we went in for sunday lunch and had a splendid meal. the courses were ample, with a delicious first course of whole roasted fishes, charcuterie, a wonderful mozzarella and ratatouille dish, yummy scotch eggs, and some of the finest, heartiest bread i may have ever had. for mains, our table tried all three options, including a delicious fish option, a big, super rich pork belly option, and a cheese souffle. i was appreciative of the way the staff found connections between the entrees (gigante beans, a savory tomato sauce) so that sampling was a fluid and enjoyable process, even if their intention was largely for cost and efficiency reasons. and for dessert, we were all given enormous squares of tiramisu, to which i fear none of us did complete justice, though it was some of the best, light and properly airy tiramisu i have had lately. we were simply too stuffed from the prior two courses, and since we're a crowd who loves a meal, that was pretty impressive: a true statement of just how good those first two courses were. we also (as you do) had lovely carafes of wine and a great many coffees, and were entirely pleased with our selection. best of all, the pricing wasn't at all as expected. for the meal, it was entirely reasonable, and for the hip atmosphere, it was more than affordable.as for the atmosphere, it's charming, open, and thus quite loud in the front, and i prefer the front room to the more shut-in rear portion of the restaurant. on sundays, there seem to be a great many flowers and plants making their way into the place due to the market, which gave it a slightly helter-skelter atmosphere that was actually really lovely. our server, though new, was very attentive and made sure we were kept sated. all in all, it was one of our favorite meals and experiences of our trip, and if we lived in the area, i imagine we would become regulars, just as our friends have done. still remember very good atmosphere. friendly staff and delicious food. would love drop by again if have chance visit the city. if you consider brawn by its definition as "solid and well-developed muscles, especially of the arms and legs" you might be disappointed. at this brawn, the french rustic-chic restaurant on columbia road, you might be surprised by the menu. consisting of mostly uncommon animal parts - such as brain, organs and more obscure appendages - it serves up some not so desirable dishes in the most accessible way. myself, being mostly vegetarian dabbling in red meat a few bites a month, i didn't think this place was my style. i must say, i got a few months-worth of meat quotas in the other night.i recommend whatever you wish to order as the options are all off kilter and it's a menu that changes daily but the seafood sausage bisque was one of the tastiest dishes i've had in a while, and it was a last minute, 'sure, we'll try that too'. fantastic lunch at brawn! it was a beautiful day and the big windows let all that wonderful sunshine into the dining room. minimalist yet rustic feel, which is basically my favorite. now let's talk about the food. it was all spot on. we ordered a couple small plates to share and two entrees, plus my friend knew the chef so we had some extra treats thrown our way... pork rillettes - huge portion, very heavy, but heavenly flavor.nduja scoth eggs - delicious bite-sized treat. chorizo - yum.buffalo mozzarella larder - fresh & light. irish oysters - served with an amazing vinaigrette dressing.grilled duck hearts - my favorite dish.. just absolutely amazing!confit rabbit leg - falling-off-the-bone good.  pork sausage - solid dish. i think that's everything! would love to find myself back here again someday. i went with some friends to this amazing wine bar and restaurant on columbia road (e2). a nice, open space, feels like a converted carriage house or garage. there are two rooms, a bar room up front, and a dining room in the back. we sat in the back, where the dining area shares the space with the open kitchen. this is definitely a slow food sort of place (actually, i heard about it from a slow food email). lots of local products and purveyors.we ordered a bunch of different items, and just told them to bring things as they were ready (as opposed to having the meal in distinct courses). first to arrive was the heirloom tomato plate. very simple, but fantastic. essentially slices of beautiful, ripe tomatoes with some olive oil and maybe a hint of fresh herbs. we also tried the gem salad, which was an entire lettuce cut into quarters with a garlicky dressing drizzled on top of it. clear signs that the chef shares my belief in the essential two-step method for gourmet cooking: step 1: start with really good ingredients. step 2: don't f**k them up.next up was an artichoke terrine with carrots, some other veggies, and a vinegary dressing. again, that perfect balance of letting the ingredients speak for themselves, and just gently combining them.all of this was accompanied by fantastic sourdough bread from one of the bakeries over near london fields. one more sign that london has a decent claim to being one of the top cities for bread in the world.we also tried one of the french ciders which was delightfully crisp with just the right hint of carbonation. can't remember the exact labelling, but it was the cheapest of the three that they offer. on a future visit i shall have to try the pricier ones to find out what we were missing.next up was a plate of dorset clams with green onions, some garlic, and a hint of fresh red chili. the freshness of the clams, and the subtlety of the very fresh vegetables gave this dish a fantastic mouthfeel with just a hint of fire.the final savoury dish was my personal favourite. an english pea and girolle risotto. first off, the waitress assured me that the risotto was vegetarian, which is always pleasing. so annoying when someone offers what sounds like it should be a vegetarian dish but then use chicken stock to make it. for starters the dish was an amazing green colour (see photo). and then the taste. pure summer on a plate. the flavour of a perfectly ripe pea concentrated and carried in the richness of the rich, and then slightly offset by the earthiness of the girolle. brilliant.for pudding we had a roasted peach with pistachio, and a chocolate ganache with hazelnut cream served with a meringue and some chantilly cream. we accompanied these with a glass of muscat and a cherry liqueur.the major thing which we really failed to explore was the wine list which was extensive and looked very well thought through. perhaps next time.....the only reason this gets four stars instead of five is that i am concerned that the menu may become less vegetarian friendly as the weather changes. they are definitely meat-centric, but i hope that they will continue their innovative veggies as well. wonderful place! great food, especially if you like sharing platters, excellent selection of wines and very friendly staff who are ready to help.	0	0	1	0	0
 we were looking for a place to have a nice dinner in the neighborhood of our airbnb our first night in london. after checking other reviews in the area we chose best mangal and were not disappointed. the restaurant was clean and modern, the staff friendly and everyone loved their meal. fantastic turkish food, open fire charcoal grill. you won't regret it. all the meat dishes are great. we were looking for turkish or lebanese food during our last night in london and found best mengal 2 stops down from the piccadilly line on the underground. the area is somewhat drab and dark but once we entered the restaurant, it was lively and filled with people (tuesday evening). there were kebabs stacked and charcoal burning. a good sign. food was good and service was great. they did only have one beer available and i just happened to be looking for cider that night. small issue seeing we were there for food. the place was apparently a popular restaurant and to be filled, it would have to be seeing there is nothing else in the area. unsure what this area is like during the day seeing we visited late tuesday evening. highly recommend :) great food , awesome staff and i always feel totally welcome . a little gem in my neighborhood great fast kebab place!there's so much in hammersmith, it's sometimes hard what to choose... and you never get it wrong ;) with this place you can't :) i had a beef kebab with cheese and chill sauce. it was wrapped to perfection (which sometimes other places such a bad job it falls all over your hands). so if you want a great bit on the run, though not wanting to comprise on quality, this is your place :) this place was last reviewed in 2011! craziness, as this is the best kebab house i've every been too! it should have a lot more reviews!so normally i don't like when businesses put "best" or other superlatives in their name, as it strikes me as a little pretentious. this place however, had the chops to not just do so, but back up their claim. so we headed here before one of those nefariously good yelpie events in the area. as alex always said, light bites only (which didn't apply to the yelp! does ping pong event) but if we'd know the amount of food and drink there, we'd probably have given this place a miss for the worse.the place itself is unassuming. close to the station, you'll see it by the bright blue sign. upon entering, the place looks like quite a nice shisha bar. it's definitely not your typical sit-down kebab shop with the wobbly tables and general greasy surfaces. prices seem to have risen/normalised since 2010-11. the price for eating in is actually the same or similar to take-away. that said, kebabs are in the range of 8-13. with other things like turkish pizza around 3.50.the doner lamb house special was amazing. all too often, you're served up greasy suspect looking meat. however this meat was excellent. relatively lean, tasty with little oil. served with turkish bread, the only qualms i had were the bread wasn't warm. but that was minor. the meat was fantastic. the chicken shish looked even better. giant chunks of chicken. charred to perfection. with lots of salad to cut through the grease. the meat is nicely put atop a thin piece of tortilla wrap. a nice touch and prevents oil from splashing around the plate (not that there's a lot of it in the first place!)there's a signature taste to the meats here that i would probably recognise over other places.this isn't to say the place is perfect. their chilli sauce could be hotter. there could be a larger selection of drinks, but these are personal preferences. if you want to try a really really good kebab, this place will satisfy. i will be back to try more things. plus they have footie on the tv, which makes it really hard to leave mid-game, when chelsea are losing against everton! (disclaimer: i'm an arsenal fan) they make some serious turkish food ! we had the chicken kebab, which was really flavorful, the lentil soup and the falafel wrap. their chilli sauce is really good, go for it if you like heat. i really like how they give olives and pickled peppers when you get take away. i think this is a great place to get middle eastern food when you are in a hurry but don't want to compromise on quality. one thing i didn't like, the way my mum didn't feel comfortable in this place. why so aragonite? their food was okay, favourable. we ordered a whole chicken with rice. the rice came in cold and i'm pretty sure it was cooked in the morning! i didn't enjoy their attitude neither their seatings arrangement .. i would never go back to it even if i was in the area, i will intentionally avoid it, because friendly is the second kind of spices i want in my food. everyone can grill and marinate the meat, not everyone is soulful. there are many places you can get a kebab, but if you're looking for something that is value for money, this place has the healthiest and freshest i've come across. large chunks of lean meat. all the cooking is done in view of the customers, at the front of the restaurant. healthy and delicious!it's usually very busy, so you may wait 10-15 min for takeout. good idea to call and make a reservation if you'd like to eat in. the meat on the skewer runs out every night at this place. (i live in the area and wake by daily). my favourite place here in london. best kebab i've tried, though admittedly haven't tried that many. lamb ribs are extremely fatty and seeing that lamb fat is worth the "health risks" (in parentheses because propaganda, lance armstrong, heart association, conspiracy), i finished my plate, cleaning the tendon and tissue right off those poor little lambs bones. only downside is that it's just close enough to my house to consider going there regularly, but far enough that i almost always settle for something closer. absolutely delicious. a surprisingly elegant but comfortable dining room. the smell of the food cooking as you walk in the door tells you that you're in the right place. not your usual kebab place, expect excellent food and service. one of the best restaurants we visited while in london. will definitely go again next trip! we tucked into our food way too fast to photograph it! best lahmacun i had in a long time. this is a gem in london. if you want to eat tasty turkish meal with proper cooking like it's done in turkey, this is your destination. even take-out is a great option if you don't have time to sit down. the staff is very warm an welcoming. i wish they open a restaurant in california :) below average quality of resturant and shabby not worth the price as food and atmosphere this is one of my go-to places. delicious, meat succulent and wonderful humus. the turkish bread there is a must have too. their takeout is just as good- you don't lose out on quality or quantity like some places. thanks for the tip yelp people.i went today for a local lunch after reading all the good reports and wasn't disappointed.cared for surroundings, extensive menu, friendly service.we had a chicken kebab and a spicy lamb one (recommended in a review on here) with salad on the side.the lamb in particular was delicious. good texture, well seasoned. great bread. two nice sauces on the side. both cooked until juicy and no more.about a tenner each which is probably about as much as i'd like to pay but certainly two good plates of food.my suspicion is getting take-away is the real winner as it's half the price and that would represent most excellent value so i will be getting on my bike to do that regularly from now on. was the first restaurant i visited when i arrived in london because is really close to my place and i loved it... the food is amazingly delicious, well elaborated. decoration is simple and goes very well with everything inside... the service is great even in the busiest hours... think the place has the right name for it: best mangal.... i've visited turkey in the past and im a kebab enthusiast. never have i ever found a kebab place in london that can exactly match the quality and taste just like in turkey. the grill is incredible, flavors are deliciously intense. i have decided my fate as a regular. my first ever kebab was lovely. i'm serious, it was top notch and made me wonder why the humble kebab got such a bad press. the next dozen or so kebabs i consumed slowly explained to my stomach and taste buds, just what all the negative fuss was about. so i stopped having themfor about 7 or 8 years. this is the place where i decided to end my exile. emboldened by all the positive reviews on qype i was sure that i would find a hearty and tasty kebab, like my first one, that would reignite my passion for this food that can vary in quality more than almost any other. and yes, this place does a mean kebabnot mean to your mouthi should perhaps have said awesome instead. i got take out because i was in a rush, despite the inviting restaurant inside and was given something that looked and felt like an enormous wrap! it was really nice. the bread they used was special (i think they make it), the lamb was cooked and tasted like lamb (these points are not guaranteed, when you risk a random kebab), the chilli sauce was hot, the salad crisp and my hunger was more than satisfied. so if you have been burned, figuratively not literally, by some dodgy kebabs. why not come to best mangal and rediscover the love! great quality food (especially the lamb kebabs), also good value (those lamb kebabs well under 10), with very friendly staff and good service. i do not hesitate to recommend this branch of best mangal. amazing. a big charcoal grill greets you in the front as you walk through to the restaurant at the back. friendly, efficient service and great tasting food, especially the grilled cis kebabs. eaten here four times now and every time is as good as the last.go out of your way to get here as there are a lot of shabby and tired kebab houses in london. this is as far away from those as you'll ever get.highly recommended!! the kebabs are grilled traditionally at the front of the restaurant. the prawns were superb. the lamb was exceptional the staff was gracious and accommodating. who runs a wine special on friday night? 10 quid for a competent bottle of turkish white on a saturday night?  make reservations. the place fills up and is very popular. nearly 5 years ago, hubbs and i lived in west ken, just around the corner from best mangal. hubbs used to be a strictly donor man until he saw the great big grill at best mangal, smelled that lush smoke and had to try their kofta. if you ask him, it's changed his life! =)  it's a testament to how awesome the kebabs are that we still plan in a cheeky kebab all the way out in west ken (even though we live south of the river now). we mostly do the restaurant because we love the staff there and are always remembered. the lamb beyti is amazingly delicious, even more so for the enormous salad that comes with it (love the pickled red cabbage!). and even with dining in, the mains are all under a tenner, which is a definite bargain! i'd rather have dinner here than most of the 'posh' joints in the city and that's a fact. there are actually two restaurants in west ken now, the other a bit further down and past the main road (closer to the turn off to high street ken now). the other is also a best mangal and has a patio and is a little more upscale in decorations. great place to watch international football matches while you sup! p.s. they've opened a new best mangal in fulham now, kids. make haste! best mangal is the best thing to happen to your mouth since you learned how to make words as a two year old. seriously. i have been going to this turkish restaurant for several years now and while, i'll admit, sometimes it has had a not super amazing day, for the most part... these are the best kebabs in london. i know what you are thinking...everyone says they know the best kebab shop in london. they are liars. this is the best. i take all of my friends here and they are so shocked by the smokey delicious flavor of the lamb kofta kebab that their faces nearly fall off.so, here are the tricks. anything that is cooked on the giant indoor mangal oven is amazing- especially the bread. do not order the doner kebab. it's way too salty and oily. get the kofta or the chicken. you may have to wait a little longer, but it's worth it. they also have a great aubergine lamb grilled thing and they can even do little wild birds if you like. this place has a sit down restaurant part which can get a little pricey, but you can order giant platters of grilled meats that will make you want to dance around the table. the best bang for your buck however is the take out. almost nothing will cost you over a tenner and you are guaranteed to to be stuffed with deliciousness. i swear allah, this place has saved me from nasty hangovers, bad moods and general ennui. these kebabs make you want to live again.ps- another tip, be sure to order lots of salad in your kebab if that is what you get. its delicious.pps- i just tried the falefal (sp?)the other day and they are also amazing. go for it vegetarians! you go and eat there too! this place is exeptionally good as far as grilled food goes. the meat is amazing and freshly-prepared, the service is fabulous and there's generally something really genuine and friendly in the air. there's even a little garden around the back, for those warm summer evenings. i also love the little details, like the decorations on the plates and how they bring your bill in a lovely hand-carved wooden box. but above all, this place is turkish cuisine at its best. i'm a sucker for a yogurtlu shish kofte and best mangal never let me down. the lamb shish tastes very original as well. large variety of starters and mezes and a selection of desserts to choose from as well, however, i never managed to order one, as the portions are so big there's never any room left for dessert... i was working on the road today and one of the guys in the team suggested we meet up for lunch. he's been banging on about this place for ages an he was right - fantastic food, i could have sat there all day eating. if you are in the area and you are hungry go - you will not be disappointed. pretty good turkish food in a nice atmosphere. the lamb dishes we tried were delicious. the only misfire was an eggplant appetizer which was overly oily. their fresh bread is wonderful - skip the rice and fill up on the bread. atmosphere is casual-upscale with a takeaway waiting section at the front of the restaurant overseeing the grill charcoal.. i stumbled upon this place on accident while leaving west kensington station on my way back to my hotel. kebabs are like the mexican food of europe and i love me a good kebab. the kebabs here are "turkish" style which is a little different form what i'm used to in the states but they were delicious nonetheless! the restaurant has two parts, the front which is take-away and the back which is a sit down restaurant. i never actually dined-in and only had take-away. the prices are reasonable with the average kebab running about 5 pounds sterling (approx. $8usd). so how it works is you pick the kebab you want, either off of the menu if you know what you're doing or you can point inside the cooler at the skewers of meat. they take it and cook it in front of you over an open fire. once it's cooked, they wrap it in a large flat bread (kinda like a tortilla) and then load it up with a mixture of veggies and a very good spicy sauce. they wrap it up and you're on your way. it smelled so good i didn't want to wait until i got back to my hotel (about a 5min walk) so i opened it up and devoured that thing on my way back...it was probably the best thing i have ever had in london...i was back the next day and the day after that, and after that, and pretty much every day i was in london. whenever i go back to london, i always make it a point to pay best mangal a visit. it is conveniently located right across from the west kensington tube station. nothing special about the place itself, the interior is quite simple, but seriously amazing food! the grilled king prawns were to die for, so were the starters, especially tabbouleh! this is great place to eat and good value. also good quality and great service. if you like that kind of food then try it out. not a great deal of choice for good places to in in west kensington some this has to be one that you should try. they have an open oven an a guy sit in the middle of the pace and cooks all the meat nice when its cold outside also looks quite good. they are not that big inside but that also do a take away service as well they have 2 places on the north end road. this was the very first meal i ever ate in london and it's always fun when i have a chance to stop by and grab one of their awesome kebabs. now having had a chance to sample a range of these london 'delicacies' i have to say that best mangal really does have the best. yum :-)	1	0	1	0	0
 found muhib while shopping at the spitafields market in london. great lunch special value, delicious, generous portions.we started with lentil chips accompanied by an assortment of 5 sauces - great value at 70 pence per large lentil chip. the chips were light and crispy, the sauces added a great variety of flavors. we had fun combining the different sauces on the lentil chips to achieve different interesting flavour combinations.our party had the mixed biryani with chicken, lamb and shrimp. cauliflower pakora, chicken tika marsala and a fish curry. the food was excellent. the mixed biryani was accompanied by an extra portion of excellent curry based sauce with a stewed vegetables. the biryani came with a garlic naan bread which we enjoyed again with the 5 sauces that came with the lentil chips.muhib is a great place to have a sit down lunch near spitafields market, london. after a long day of sightseeing, an indian takeaway meal was in order. brick lane can be intimidating with the shear number of indian restaurant choices. i went to this restaurant after reading the high yelp reviews and the food did not disappoint. the menu was overwhelming for an indian food novice like me since there weren't descriptions or pictures of dishes. good thing they had a set menu for 2. everything that came with the set was absolutely fantastic. i'd love to go back and try the entire menu. it's definitely on our next itinerary back to london. when you walk along brick lane picking an indian restaurant can be daunting because there are soooooo many! which one do we choose!? well, luckily my lovely husband did his research and picked muhib because when we have to make spontaneous decisions we're quite rubbish at it. we walked into muhib around dinnertime on sunday, maybe it was a little earlier because almost no one was there, but we've discovered that that doesn't really mean anything. we were seated and had a terrible time deciding what to eat because there were so many options! don't worry that's not a bad thing. our server was nice and helped us make a decision- we went with the prawn spread and veggie samosas, and the fish curry and veggie thali. i loved the veggie thali because there were so many options! and they all tasted great and different. i've also become a fan of the prawn spread. it's these prawns in a nice tomato-y tikka sauce over a fried bread. very nice and flavourful. they also have paratha which we had a go at but it's nothing terribly special- i'd go with the naan instead. the servers weren't very talkative and didn't really smile, but they were still really nice and helpful! with a week in london and a pretty insane amount of indian food on brick lane alone, the fact that i spent one of those meals going back to muhib a second time says a lot about how good it is. the lamb vindaloo here is for real- not punishing, but flavorful and just hot enough to be sweaty by the end. prices are pretty reasonable, not the cheapest in town but certainly not the worst either. service can be super slow and a little deadpan, but it honestly beats the more intense guys hawking the other restaurants on the block.as a curry junkie utterly spoiled by the wealth of good indian food back home, i didn't know if london curry would be as good as what i can get delivered to my house. this is definitely on the itinerary for my next visit! very disappointed with the food at muhib. the chutneys we had with papadam were full of sugar and bland. we had 3 curries, they were all fairly bland and the lamb vindaloo just tasted spicy and lacks all the complex flavors of a good vindaloo. the garlic naans were also quite sweet, while they really shouldn't be. however, the service was really good and people were really friendly and polite. prices were also reasonable. overall not a great place to have the best indian curry. great indian food on the infamous brick lane. i found muhib primarily on yelp, which was incredibly helpful because of the overwhelming nature of brick lane: curry hustlers, flashing lights, an onslaught of aromas. which to choose? interior (as most places on brick lane) is faux upscale. cheesy in a polyester kind of way, but cheap and cheerful nonetheless. we went with the chicken tikka masala, lamb curry and garlic naan. fresh flavours although probably a tad on the sweeter side for my liking. still really, really enjoyed it. one small downer was the service - on the slow side. took a long time for the food to arrive. on the upside, the wine was on the order of 3 pounds a glass. thus began a night that ended at a diner at 4am. thank you, muhib. we decided to go to this establishment due to their being part of the gourmet society dining card.we arrived as a party of three at approximately 5pm and were served quickly and efficiently. the food was of a very high quality and we all thoroughly enjoyed it. the house table wines were also excellent. would definitely return and recommend! came on recommendation of a friend. waiters were friendly. excited to see thaali on the menu along with chaat.unfortunately, the sauces served with papadums were full of emulsifiers (ingredients that thicken and foods quickly, creating more volume and mouth feel), which i'm allergic to. they make me swell up. not the restaurant's fault, but when you have a lot of emulsifiers, it means you're cutting corners on ingredients or using bottled sauces. the chaat was served hot, instead of cold with rice chips as traditional. the thaali was decent, but the basmati rice tasted stale and there were artificially colored rice in the mix. the raita was missing cucumber. while there's always regional variations in indian food, the food just seemed too processed. if you have food sensitivities or are looking for indian food like your friend's mother cooks, keep looking. haven't been to brick lane for a while so chose a place carefully from help reviews and it turned out well.the poppadom course was week above average with five reasonable dips out whatever you'd call them. we took a while to order so were relieved when it came really quickly, everything turned up within twenty seconds of each other, it was actually slightly overwhelming. the service was really good at all points.the meat dishes definitely had a surprising depth of flavour, the butter chicken was unusually good for such a straightforward dish and the hotter lamb dishes as good as you would hope for. we had a good pick of vegetable dishes and the bombay aloo was a stand out with big pieces of potato cooked perfectly. portion size was good, the only slight down point would be that the daal portion was very small of you wanted to share it.i will probably come here next time i am on brick lane. the food served here is for those who have no clue about indian food. but if you've ever been to india, avoid the place, as you'll end up extremely disappointed. as one of previous reviews describes (which i haven't read before entering the restaurant), the dishes are very sweet, which is a strange concept for indian food, isn't it? also, an extensive choice of so many different dishes from almost all corners of asia is suspicious too.service is extremely polite though. the first time i ever ate indian food it was here, 17 years ago, as an american student working in london for the summer. i've been a passionate indian food enthusiast ever since. fast forward almost two decades and i came back on vacation with my similarly enthusiastic husband and two children and it was even better than i remembered. insanely delicious. don't miss this one. whenever i am visiting london i aleays enjoy a good meal at a local indian food restaurant. today at the suggestion of a friend our group headed to brick lane. the haggling that goes on the streets at just about every restaurant is silly but it was agrred that we would try this restaurant. i am glad we did. our drink order was taken and we ordered simosa, butter chicken and their house special balti with lamb. the food took a little extra time but it was worth it. the food here is incredible and it would be my siggestion to try the house special balti. it was heavenly!the service here was very good and i half to day that this was the best indian restaurant i have been to in years. i am impressed. well i had a lot better indian food in my life, for more resonable price with much faster service. but the food was kind of good and not sure you will find any better indian around (just had the chance to try out this one). in london on business and curry was on my bucket list so we headed to brick lane. saw reviews of this place so despite being hounded to enter into other indian establishments we stay the course and found our way to muhib.  the interior was dated but in a good graceland sort of way. there were four of us so we ordered to share. lamb vindaloo, butter chicken, chicken rezla, lamb curry, curry chickpeas, bombay potatoes, naan. friendly and anxious to serve wait staff rushes your entire order on a cart that is rolled with purpose and notice. the food was really terrific. the vindaloo was spicy but not too spicy. in fact, we felt the rezla and chickpea curry was more assaulting. the meats were tender and all the dishes were flavorful with depth and lovely heat. we left and all were glad we happened upon this little spot. great food with a quality staff and quick service. the chicken and lamb are recommended. hard to find the right place on brick lane. save yourself the headache and come here. great service, awesome food, and a nice, clean restaurant. this is the best place we've been too in london. the food was incredible, and the atmosphere was joyful and welcoming. the flavors are astounding. you won't be disappointed. they even bring you hot steamed towels at the end to clean your hands. first time at brick lane and i found this spot with a friend - was exactly what i expected. fine curry and attentive service. i had the lunch special and thoroughly enjoyed the chicken tikka masala. the naan was some of the best i've ever had. the lunch special includes an appetizer and main dish for 8. nothing fancy - good food in good portions. after a long walking tour of the east end, we were freezing cold and looking for somewhere cosy. this restaurant proved to be a great choice. welcoming and warm, the service was quick and friendly. we had the lamb tikka malaya with pineapple, chicken passanda and chicken kashmir with banana and litchi. all were very good, with good portions, especially the malaya. this restaurant has pleasant decor and the staff were efficient and helpful. i enjoyed the meal although i got lamb when i has asked for chicken (i like both so it did not matter). the popadom relishes were unusual and very good. i was disappointed by the bill as i was charged over 5 for a pint of lager. the value for money overall was not great although nothing extreme. was overwhelmed by the amount of touters trying to get you to come into the indian restaurants along brick lane. go to muhib and enjoy the tandoori chicken and naan! absolutely delicious. so glad we listened to yelp reviews to pick a place. we did not need a reservation to get a table and were seated immediately. my first 5 star indian - unfortunately it's not in gods county of manchester . but on the famous brick lane in london!so good i had to return the following night as i couldn't get over the quality ! using a taste card ( upto six people i think ) you get 50% on the full food menu apart from fri and saturday. and yes i know some of you are thinking i don't like indian or curry or even spicy food! they do goregous mild curries or even 'english' dishes ! but then again why would you be on brick lane looking for fish and chips! food was served promptly and portion size was plentiful . you left with that feeling i could fit in an extra mouthful but then realise you would probably pop!drinks are at london prices so you have been warned ! just a quick word of warning ! you will find curry hustlers on the street - come on come in they will chant and claim there chicken tikka is from a recipe that came from the great lord tikka himself and all this gubbins ( mancunion for rubbish ) worth a trip out ! yes.............. we were sorely disappointed when going down the street the night before after just landing in the city so we did more research and found this place. if inexpensive, flavorful, delicious indian food is what you're after, this is where you want to be! when we went in the evening (late oct 2015) it was packed and food came out a tad on the slow side (but service was attentive). i have to say that the food is definitely worth the wait. yum! if you've never been to brick lane, which is known for its indian restaurants and where people try to entice you into each one with offers of 20% off and a free drink, it can be tough to know which door to choose. we ended up at muhib, and were very happy we did.  each dish was absolutely delicious, and the entrees were large portions. after appetizers, in fact, we realized we could have split our entrees. the staff was polite and attentive. we'll go back on our next london visit. simply delicious, excellent service and fair prices. this was my first time to visit brick lane and i didn't have a recommendation otherwise, so i went with the place who had the guy selling me on the street most effectively. the entire street is filled with he delicious fragrance of indian cuisine and i didn't go wrong choosing muhib. loved it. great dinner with friends! spacious restaurant with ac. very accommodating and gracious staff! one of our fav meals in london. a friend and i decided to come in here on a friday night when looking for a curry house on brick lane. although we were a little torn between trying out one of the neighboring restaurants that were offering free wine and champagne, we decided to go with yelp recommendations, and we were glad we did. muhib was pretty packed but they were able to sit us right away. the house red and white wine were 8.95 which was great if you are looking for somewhere cheap to eat and drink. we decided to share 4 veg dishes and had the popadom and dips to start. my oh my the dips were incredible, by far the best selection i have had in london. i have no idea what the different options were but all of them were tasty and incredible. by the time we got through those we were already full, but when the entrees came we managed to scarf those down as well. we went with one of the lentil dishes which was good and incredibly garlicky, the alo gobi, which was a small portion but also good, the vegetable curry, which was also decent. the highlight of the meal was the vegetable korma which was incredible and i would go back solely for this dish. we ordered naan and mushroom rice to go with the veg dishes but really had wayyyyy to much food. all in all a tasty find on brick lane that i would definitely go back to, with more people, so that i don't feel physically ill upon departure. probably my most favorite indian restaurant that we came across during our trip to london. we missed the dinner rush so we had no wait. it wasn't as trendy as dishoom but food was much better here and the atmosphere was still nice and clean. really delicious indian meal. all the standard dishes available, plus a few we do not seen often. we had lamb hydrabadi and jeeera chicken (cumin seeds). the taste was rich and deep. not especially hot from a spice perspective. served in a sizzling iron dish added to its appeal. even the vegetables were worthy of comment. really tasty. cost for two was 30 for food. very highly recommended if you are looking for an authentic, very delicious indian meal. pretty good food at a very good price! not the best indian i've had but was up there and delicious. excellent value for money and really friendly, efficient service throughout.	1	0	1	0	0
 incredible food. started with chicken and prawn toast with sesame seeds on top that came with a sweet chili sauce, which was a must order, and spring rolls. we ordered the drunken rice which was super flavorful and spicy and the green curry with chicken that was incredible also. everything we had was amazing and i definitely would recommend this awesome thai place!!! my friends and i came here on our first visit to charlotte street and had a great lunch! the staff was very accommodating for our larger group of five in getting us seated and with separate checks. we three of my friends had the drunken noodles, one had pineapple fried rice and i had pad thai. everything was surprisingly tasty! my dish tasted slightly smokey, so i wonder if they left it in the wok for too long. anyways, we will be back! this place is situated on a street with soooo many other amazing looking restaurants. competition baby! anyway, back to siam.my husband and i finally decided on this place because it had a table outside and we were wanting thai. it was so sweet- we sat at a nice little table right off the street and the sun was setting. we had the veggie spring rolls- boooomb! (that means really really good) and the green curry and thai basil with prawns. both had excellent flavours and were loaded with shrimp and veggies. amazing! it was clear they brought them out right when they were ready- all the food was piping hot, crunchy (spring rolls), and oh so good. we were happy puppies. we had trouble choosing a favourite, both were excellent! their thai tea is so good! sweet and milky with a slight chocolaty flavour! also had their green curry. slightly spicy but real creamy and good. my friend personally recommends the fried rice here. really enjoyed my drunken rice dish - so so so good. the veggie platter for starters was a bit too deep fried and blah-ring for me. we also shared between three of us, a cashew stir fry that was bit dull for my tastes and a veggie noodle dish that was very tastyo. but oh that drunken rice! the way the tofu tasted in that one was divine. the restaurant looks small but do not be deceived there is a big downstairs. came to around 14 each. fantastic thai food, great staff, cute venue.i booked a table for 8 for a pre-theatre meal, the upstairs part is quite small but they also have a second, large dining room downstairs. the staff was super friendly and seated us immediately. drinks were ordered and arrived very timely. everyone found something they liked on the menu and food came out quite quickly. they even asked which items we wanted as starters and which as mains so we could all eat together, whether we ordered full meals or dim sum style small plates. i got to try several dishes and everything was delicious. the curries are a bit on the too-spicy side for me, but i'm not a fan of spicy foods to begin with. i really can't complain about anything here! the food is just fantastic but the service is horrible. the servers look like they don't want to be there and getting service is a 20 minute ordeal. it's a shame because food is 5 star. i ordered delivery -- three drunken noodles of both prawns and beef.food was solid. i asked mine to be made extra spicy, and they definitely delivered on that dimension. seafood and meat in the dishes were generally fresh. i also liked the proportion of ingredients overall. delivery was prompt and the delivery man, kind. the owner that took my order over the phone also seemed attentive and orderly. would definitely order delivery again from here! not a big restaurant, but then again most restaurants in london are not big. that's just how it works around there. or here. depending where i am when you are reading this.i came here with my favorite london couple and i was the third wheel, though i am married so technically we were a proper car...it just so happened that one of the wheels was somewhere far away.service was very fast, almost frighteningly fast. not super nice, but fast. i had chicken pad thai and it was about as good as i was expecting it to be.basically, this place is fine. i'd choose the good at metro thai or thai metro or whatever it is called, down the street. it's a little better.bonus: if you ask for extra water, they may just leave the pitcher at your table. convenient...but not too polite. fine and average thai food, nothing really special about it. pretty cheap, good southeast asian food. it's a smallish restaurant, so if you're going in a larger group, i would make a reservation. they have more than just thai food. you can find singaporean and malaysian food as well. tasty food at very reasonable prices. great lunch specials too!we went with the two course lunch specials. corn fritters, pork and shrimp dumplings, pad see ewe, and veggie and tofu stir fry. the pork and shrimp dumplings were not too exciting but the rest of the dishes were great. one of the better thai places around and great service. cute little place by the university of london. the portion for lunch was great but the actual food was just ok. there was some sort of spice missing from it that i can't quite place. there was probably more egg than chicken in my dish. you can get a main course for 685 or an appetizer or dessert with a main course item for 885. no wifi granted. this is a great place to rest your weary shopping feet or line the stomach for a big night ahead.decent food that comes out fast, excellent service and perfect portion sizes. the fish cakes had the right amount of kick and the curry and noodle dishes were both good. the 'morning glory' greens seems slightly oily so perhaps go with the seasonal veg option instead. this is a thai place pretty close to where i go to school. i've come here numerous times with my classmates and i have to say i'm a fan. the place is a bit small at least the upper level of their place is relatively small but it's nice and cozy. the service is always great too! i've only ordered a few dishes here but each one i've ordered is great! my favorites are the drunken noodle or the drunken fried rice. their lunch menu is definitely worth it! all in all you never pay that much and they have a mirad of choices to choose from for a dish. i believe i'm not the only one that feels this way because this place gets busy! i might go again this week. yum. delicious and affordable thai food. the 2 and 3 courses meal sets at lunch are very good value for money! love the prawn&chicken toast, the chicken wings and pad-mee noodles. don't know what people are raving about. got seated as a single person, they didn't seem to happy with me taking up space for 2.didn't get the cassava crackers everyone had, maybe because i'm alone??tom kha kai was below average, chewy chicken and the only vegetables were an onion and a few sad mushrooms.ordered the coconut rice and stir fried aubergine with chili. over cooked rice and aubergine, very bland taste.maybe i am spoiled by patara, but this was very disappointing.total price was almost 20,- too much as well imho.for me just 2 stars, ambiance was not too good and food below average. fantastic thai food! the drunken noodle dish was excellent. food wasn't as spicy as other thai food i've eaten but still delicious. ordinary thai food. some dishes smell a bit eggy but not too much. downstairs seating is a bit dark. it's a good place for a work lunch upstairs. siam central is an affordable thai restaurant that sells delicious food in the heart of fitzrovia. healthy portions, great atmosphere, lovely staff and speedy service. try the drunken noodles! as well as the chicken being halal, the food was delectable. cute location and not overpriced. it may just be a starter but the prawn chicken toast is not to be missed (they served 4 toasts but we ate 2 before taking the picture). i'd also recommend the drunken fried rice as that's their speciality. on the other table i saw an interesting looking papaya salad which i will be sure to check out next time. good, cheap thai food. the green curry was surprisingly (a little too) spicy, but the food was of a good quality, very cheap and very quick (we ordered, and it arrived in fewer than ten minutes). would highly recommend. reasonably priced and authentic thai cuisine. great meal if you like that food, go for it! this is an ideal restaurant to have a tasty meal with a beer on a friday night, for a good price. it's a short walk from goodge st tube station.we arrived at about 7:30pm and the restaurant looked full. we were acknowledged and invited to wait for two minutes for a table. indeed, two minutes later, we were invited to go downstairs where we were met by another staff member who showed us to a free table. the tables are close together and ours had the residual stickiness of a place where a number of people had already dined tonight.we also chose the mixed selection of starters. this had the usual things that you would expect: prawn toast, satay chicken, etc. my favourite is the prawn toast which i save for the end as a kind of "starter dessert". we ordered two main-sized dishes to share: penang curry with duck and pad thai with chicken. my wife was attracted to the green papaya salad on the menu, so we ordered that too. i liked how the pad thai came with the chopped peanuts and bean sprouts on the side, so you could control your allocation. it works for me because i like the peanuts but don't like the bean sprouts. the duck slices in the curry were cooked as i like it.the overall bill was a touch over 40 including 10% service charge. this is pretty reasonable for a friday night dinner out in london. awesome place. a quaint little restaurant that's reasonably priced and has the quickest and the friendliest service i've experienced for a long time. the food is amazing and we found that, on the whole the dishes were a tad spicier than other thai restaurants, which is no bad thing! also, the drunken fried rice is a must have! great for a casual eating out and even more formal occasions, the atmosphere was great and even the toilets smelt really nice! left feeling stuffed and thoroughly looked after! couldn't recommend enough! this is a solid place for lunch. their set menu for 8 provides great value. the service is good as it's a pretty small restaurant so they do care about table turnover. i've had the drunken fried rice here which is super flavorful without being greasy and friends have had the pad thai and the pineapple fried rice, which are also very good. they have some tables outside if you can manage to get a table. this good review is based on lunch service experience. i found that the food we had was tasteful and affordable. i had the panang curry with tofu which was served in a good size bowl, cupful of rice and side salad for 6. my husband on the other hand had the pad thai with chicken breast for the same price. great deal in my opinion!!! also it is also notable that this place was quite prompt in serving your food to those who have limited time to dine out. it was definitely quality time spent on this place. we have walked past this place on numerous occassion, asked for a table but it is usually completely packed and we didn't want to wait. this time we were lucky that we could be seated straight away (with only 1 empty table). the customer service was fab. i explained we're in a rush (we literally had 30 mins to order, eat & pay before the movie started). the food arrived at a good time (not so fast that they nuked the food). we loved the salt & pepper squid as well as the chicken satay. if a thai restaurant can't make a good chicken satay, then there is no hope. my partner orderd a mussaman chicken curry whilst i had the thick rice noodle with duck. the main was good, but not excellent.i still cannot decide whether i prefer busaba to siam central. they are both as good although during the meal i sensed that they may have used msg in their food. i'm not a fan of msg, hence the 3 star. if you're in the area... give it a go. we will be trying the thai metro to compare the two :) siam central is one of the most happening restaurants in hip fitzrovia. the line on weekends is long, but that is not surprising given the popularity of this joint. the pad tai and drunken noodles are amazing, as is the pineapple shrimp curry, which is served in a half cut pineapple shell.service is fast. however this place is pricey and the waiters don't speak much english to help recommend a favorite.still, for those buds craving some thai, it doesn't get much better than this. i wanted some thai food, and this restaurant was recommended by my sister who used to eat here all the time. i ordered a thick noodle dish with chicken and vegetables. delicious! there was lots of chicken, and good amount of veggies, but a small portion of noodles. it was nicely flavoured with soy and added lime, which added more taste to the dish. i would be more happy if they added more noodles, but everything used in the dish tasted very light and fresh. the staff were polite and friendly. for someone like myself from canada, the restaurant looks and feels more like an european caf, but it's the food that really matters. i would definately go back to this restaurant if i wanted some thai in london.	1	1	1	0	1
 favorite restaurant in london. great grub and atmosphere for those who like it spicy! too bad the decor is so enticing. had it not been, we might have found an acceptable bar this evening. my friend and i were on the hunt for a good place to grab a post-movie drink. when we saw this place, we had thought we had found a hidden gem. unfortunately, what we had actually found was nearly the slowest and worst service we've ever encountered and mediocre drinks in an overly loud setting. the service was so slow that we 1. waited for 20 mins for a drink order and the only way we got it was getting up from our table to find someone. 2. another 20 minutes of waiting for our drinks 3. which our waitress got wrong and 4. after finishing our drinks, waiting another 15 mins, and pulling on our coats/packing up (trying to signal we were leaving) we left our money on the table and flagged down another server to let them know we had paid our bill in full, but the waitress was no where in sight to even give us our bill. horrible. the extra star in this review is because the building itself is nice enough to sit in and the mixed drink didn't epically suck. this restaurant was really busy when we came in. we were seated on bar stools near the window. people were constantly running into my chair. the service was slow.the drinks we had were just ok. not something i'd order again.the bread pudding was dry. it was edible just not that good. - 5 stars just for the soca soundtrack- can't find that in london the food was amazing, very good service and the ambiance was fantastic. i loved the smell coming off the smoker and the spice level of the food the manager hannah was such as doll and made sure everyone in th restaurant was well taken care of. we had the snapper and it was the best i've ever had. drinks were flavorful as well. great service overall and will be back. the food was decent and there were a couple of things missing from our orders when it arrived at the time, but everything was brought to us eventually. i was expecting "traditional" caribbean but i should have known better. i missed the veggies (didn't want slaw) and the normal rice and peas (this one had a huge coconut hint in their rice), but i wont complain too much because i ate my food. ohh...those sweet potatoes fries were bomb and they almost tasted as if they could be a dessert with the added honey or whatever was glazed on them--yum!the server was a little slow, but we managed to chase him down when we needed stuff. overall it was alright. the place is a little small and i felt like we were eating on the people next to us because the tables were so small and crammed together, but whatever...not a huge deal, unless you are huge. kidding....but yeah, they could spread those tables out to make it comfortable for everyone. i personally don't care for community seating and it somewhat felt like that. worth a try... very hip place to have dinner and drinks. they have an incredible selection of drinks and the fried chicken was absolutely amazing. another excellent place to visit in kingly court, but be aware, you'll leave with a heavier belly... and a lighter wallet!we popped in on an impromptu second stag do to get some drinks and a snack, and although we didn't have a reservation, we were able to sit at a table for 30 minutes before the booking arrived. for the record, 30 minutes is easily enough time to eat some amazing jerk chicken wings, and to drink a massive, indiana jones-style, crystal skull glass full of rum cocktail. ask to see the bible and you'll be shown a little book about every rum they stock, their origins and other interesting facts!3 skull cocktails and a side of wings cost 65!! so don't expect a cheap night! i was taken her for my first time on my birthday as i am a massive jerk chicken fan. this place is amazing. it has brilliant character, decor and staff and furthermore the food is mind blowing. i love the burgers that they have and the cocktails were delicious too.i have been back since and the quality was on par as my first visit. furthermore our party were nightly impressed with the food themselves. i would highly recommend it and with the food coming in at less than 20 it is a right steal for its location! fun vibe and great food. the music was very loud making it hard to have conversations over dinner. i had the old cuban drink which was nice but quite sweet. i had the halloumi burger which was delicious and shared a bunch of tasty sides with my group. besides the volume problem, this was a fun restaurant to eat at. i love the rum kitchen. i have been there a few times now and i am never disappointed with the food or the service. the first time i went i had the jerk chicken leg with rice and peas which came with gravy and it was divine. the chicken was tender and flavoured really well as was the rice and peas. the second time i went, i had a chicken burger and shared sweet potato fries and jalapeo poppers with my boyfriend. all of the food was again, delicious, i could not fault it. the cocktails are also pretty good, all of them having rum as one of the main ingredients in it. the vibe of the place is pretty relaxed with the decor being reminiscent of a restaurant/shack from the caribbean. the staff are great, nice and friendly and i would definitely go back again - especially as it's just off of carnaby street! i love this place. this was my go to spot while on holiday recently. between the cheap delicious drinks and the food, i am not sure what i loved more. i spent under $50 for a gazillion rounds of drinks and a full course of food! the service here was horrible. i had to flag down a different waitperson anytime i wanted to order something/get the bill/pay. no one came to check on me. ever! i was seated in the window and had a view of the courtyard, which was decent, but then he manager had people who were waiting line up in front of the window. yes,my view was now of people's asses and sides. i mean, i could've reached out and touch someone.  there was a half drunken pepsi bottle on the table that it seemed got put there from someone waiting outside, was it ever removed? nope! was the food worth all this? nope! i make much better food at home. very good food and it really brings to a very lovely and lively environment.the proteins are not greatly execute but it is still good, and very much enjoyable.say hi to the bartenders and they could make you something off-list and wow you a lot!highly recommended! go with your friends for a good time out jerk chicken and beer!nice setting, buzzing part of town and not too expensive. what more could you ask for. oh this place is fun! great music, rum cocktails and caribbean vibe. warm and welcoming staff.the menu is full of island flavours and there are decent vegetarian options as well. portions are huge and comforting. the charcoal roasted red pepper stuffed with quinoa, mixed beans, carrot, coconut puree & crispy shallots was a satisfying and delicious meal - loved the hint of coconut and crispy texture of the shallots.the jerk fried chicken had my friend in absolute food heaven, if i ate chicken i would have ordered this!plantains are a must, get this as a side. the watermelon and cucumber salad was refreshing though very simple and not necessary as we already had so much food.although the roasted sweet potato wedges, avocado, and toasted coconut flakes sounds amazing, it actually was not a very appetizing combination. i wouldn't order this.i would book a table as it is busy during peak times. come with a few friends and have some rum cocktails. i've been here a couple of times and i thorough enjoy. ok it's a bit noisy so not the place if you want to have a quiet meaningful chat. however if you want a lively environment where you can get some good food a vibe and some cocktails then this is a place well worth a visit.ok the menu may not be as extensive as some places but what it does it does well to recreate the caribbean vibe in its food. in my opinion some options could use a little more spice on some, but i get it they have to cater for the masses.the service tries to be caribbean but it's a good thing it's not otherwise you may never eat!! the waiting staff are good not to intrusive and helpful. the drinks menu is a decent one they have a range of cocktails some quite inventive, try the ting wray cocktail, not my favourite but worth a try to experience it!!when i was there they were re-doing their desert menu, which is good as it was limited. what they did have was the caramelised banana cake and ice cream which hits the spot. that is if you have any space left which needs filling in your stomach.i suggest booking a table as it gets busy of an evening time but they certainly do take walk ups. the bar is small so it's not the place to go if you just want a drink and hang out.i will definitely be going back as i like the vibe and the staff during when week are a little more caribbean then the weekend shift. rum kitchen has a buzz about it, a 'let's go to the caribbean and do this everyday' kind of buzz.turning up without a reservation on a thursday is not advisable, nor is any other day i imagine. however, as luck would have it, after pitching up unannounced we managed to get ourselves a table... ya man.walking in here you feel the buzz of the place, lots of conversation and the ambience sets off a chatty relaxed vibe. having been shown to our table by our host we sat down to peruse the menu, we decided that instead of main courses we instead needed a little selection of nibbles to satisfy us, plus we like to share, else we get food envy!rachel's doing her own research peering at the other tables food whilst i looked at the menu...i was disappointed that water came in the kraken glass bottle.. it didn't stop me having jack sparrow disillusions when i drank from it though.. indeed, why is the rum always gone?so we eventually came to decide on three of the small plates to share...jerk chicken wings with scotch bonnet swamp sauce, maybe the largest chicken wings i've had, these were seriously soft and devilishly sticky with a decent amount of chicken for a little wing! and the swamp sauce was as badass as it sounds.island spiced baby squid, piled high for such a small plate but neither of us complained. this was the softest squid i've eaten in london encased in the light crispy coating it was cooked perfectly. the scotch-bonnet mayo dip gave it the kick it needs to deserve its place in the rum kitchen and don't forget to squeeze the lime!sticky bbq ribs had more than the usual, sticky sauce on a bone that i find with most ribs, they were meaty and i had no struggle to tear it all off. i love ribs, they demand to be picked up, leaving you with sticky, saucy fingers, the delight of eating is getting messy and indulging in licking your fingers, getting the last bits of meat off the bone and losing the lady like demeanour mostly required in social situations.i'll definitely be heading back for a main course, the curried mutton looked and smelled amazing!c.x it was first time. i had jerk chicken burger with fries and a cocktail. burger was ok, it was tasty, fries...nothing special...normal regular fries. it was okay food. we got seated at the bar with a view towards the inside court, which i dont mind at all, but the chairs are ultra mega giga uncomfortable....higher than the bar which makes it awful height to eat and you keep sliding off....very frustrating. music was quite good...mainly reggae, very fun. it was quite busy so might be better to book in advance if u wanna go for this place. staff were nice but very pushy with taking our stuff when we werent even finished. happened a few times and finally gave up and let them take it all. uh....glad we tried new places but not the best tbh. friendly hostess seated us by the window. 10 minutes later nobody had come to our table. on a monday. we left. we can here around 11:30 am for lunch during our visit to london. the restaurant is located upstairs in soho. the service was great and food was excellent. we got the 3 piece jerk chicken bowl, burger and drinks. the drinks were pricey $9 same price as most of the lunch items. it gets pretty busy later after 12:00 pm. there's a great atmosphere and decor in this place and very lively staff. there was a group of five of us and we got quite a variety of dishes which all tasted great and, more importantly, authentic - a few of us in the group had some caribbean blood in us, so we knew what the dishes should've tasted like :) my only complaint is that we had a very awkward moment at the end where someone in our group was waiting for her change for a very loooong time (about 7), when she finally got the waiter's attention, he told us that he'd assumed that that was a tip which ended the otherwise good evening on a bit of a sour, awkward note. the food, music... their cocktails are amazing. however, orders take time to come through, sometime it seems like their staffs struggle to handle the crowd. otherwise, a great place. i will definitely go back. went during a busy time of year, just after christmas and before new year's. they were busy, tables were heaving and totally under staffed!! took a chance, managed to get a table. was looking forward to it as i've heard so many reviews. took about 20 minutes for someone to get our drink orders and a further 30 minutes for food, which in the end wasn't even worth paying for. the jerk wings are probably the only starter i'd have again. the fish fritters were too big and very very bland, think the chef had a bad day and forgot all the seasoning, won't be having that again. the calamari was ok, kind of tastes the same everywhere you go. the jalapeno poppers, the cheese is meant to me oozing out and well served hot too, it came out cold. sweet potato fries are standard everywhere you go too. drinks were ok, the mains actually looked a whole lot better, so will probably go back just for that. maybe i wouldn't go back to carnaby street as the staff just looked so miserable and unpleasant. i might try the notting hill branch next time instead. if it's like this during a busy period, i'd hate to see what a slow period is like for them. maybe they need to get backup temporary staff. i was fairly underwhelmed by the service here. the happy hour prices are brill and the drinks yummy, but it was too crowded, with a weird policy of not being able to stand by the bar. it's obviously a tiny place - and because of that i think i'd enjoy it more for lunch than a weekend dinner. the food was decent but the plantain not sweet enough for me. still, we had good times here as a group and some rather indecent chat! had the ribs, jerk chicken burger, plantains and sweet corn fritters. everything was delicious and full of flavor!! the only reason why they lost a star is the wait after we were seated. we saw waiters attend other guests who were seated after us. not cool. location was a bit difficult to locate. an unpleasant experience! how can anyone enjoy this place when the noise level is so high that you can't even hear the waiter ask you a question? who wants to eat when you and your friends have to yell to each other in order to be heard?! and then they even turned up the music volume! also, the fried chicken was dry and the curried cauliflower was not tasty. the jerk sauce was like regular bbq sauce. the rum daquiry was small and had little or no rum. many other patrons did not seem to be enjoying it either. too noisy, lousy food, and a bad experience! important tip: download the cake app, use your own referral code for your friends (not the waiter's) and you'll be taking 15 (10 free + 5 per referral) off the bill per person. now, that hopefully done, order a round of zombies and get sloshed! the zombie packs a hell of a punch, and is very worth the pricey tag of neatly 13 each. dinner rush hits hardest thurs-sat 6pm-8/9pm, so beware if casually dropping in! also happy hour runs here (i think till 7pm) early in the week, so be clever and get in early.+ food is awesome. the chicken burger was deceptively delicious, and very filling. i almost didn't need the tasty sweet potatoe fries. my mate had the jerk chicken main dish and wasn't enough for him, so definitely order sides! + cocktails are all generally quite good quality. order away!+ decor is good, and if possible try sit at the window ledge and watch all the action in kingley square.+ staff are good fun and jovial! definitely a lot less uppity than the rum kitchen in my back yard of portabello. if any negatives, it's not the cheapest eats, but it's a solid spot. pop down to cahoots after for some vintage tube-themed cocktails after. really decent cocktails here. they are uber strong. so you've been warned!food wise, the soft shell crab burger is stunning. the sweet potato fries are the perfect must accompaniment. the sauces and dips are excellent and a different twist on what you normally get in burger joints. the bbq rum and scotch bonnet mayo awesome i wanted to take the bottle home with me.the staff are super friendly and up for a little banter. despite the place being really busy, they didn't forget about us or our small requests for things like sauces.the place is quite hip and noisy, so not everyone's cup of tea. but honestly, you need to come here for the soft shell crab burger and sweet potato fries. you won't regret it!one cool thing is that when paying the bill they use an ipad app with one of those card readers that can email you the receipt. it can also evenly split the bill depending on the number in your party. that is cool to see.	0	1	1	0	0
 great place. my buddy from the us took us here. we had a few good cocktails and some amazing food. the atmosphere was nice yet a bit dark though. however, it was a great evening. located on the bottom floor of the hilton hotel on london's posh park lane, this historic tiki bar is one of the few original trader vic's locations remaining in the world, and the first to open outside of the usa in 1963. the interior is spacious, with an enormous dining room surrounding two different tiki bars. the decor is authentic but dated, incorporating various elements of high tiki and hawaiiana. the attempt at an upscale establishment falls short, due to important aspects such as lighting. for some reason, all of the lamps on the ceiling were turned off, creating an awkwardly dim setting. service was elusive, and unable to describe anything on the menu. the drinks were terrible. i got the tiki puka puka (15) which tasted like artificial fruit juice and a measured pour of low grade spiced rum. it was not strong by any means, and charging this price for what was essentially a watery slushy is unacceptable. my boyfriend got the 'mai tai wave' (16) which is a flight of three different mai tais from the menu-guava, mango, and maui (pineapple). they were all drinkable, but contained no alcohol. we attempted to mix the cocktails to make them better somehow, but they were bad beyond repair. we could not bring ourselves to order another, but stayed a while to enjoy the ambiance. with such an incredible space, i hope that trader vic's london considers refreshing their decor, and significantly improving their libations. trader vic's was recommended by a friend so i decided to come here for appetizers. the restaurant is polynesian themed and you feel like you are on a hawaiian island. i ordered the beef cho cho, spare ribs, and the sampler. the spare ribs have a smoked wood taste and are very flavorful. the beef cho cho comes with a fire goblet that you can roast your skewers over. the sampler comes with fried shrimps, a spare rib, and crab ragu. overall the appetizers were good and flavorful i will have to try dinner next time i'm in london. old style tiki bar stuffed in the basement of the london hilton. it has its charms but that may be offset by the expense. a mai tai and appetizer set me back more than 30 pound sterling/ $45. i like kitsch put much better off finding it elsewhere. after a lovely day of time spent with my lovely sabrina. we found ourselves at trader vic's being a music industry rep i have always wanted to visit. as you know warren zevons song "werwolves of london" mentioned it unfortunately it was arabic night :/butttttttadd liquor and women and all of a sudden we understand why these people of of the sandstorm are portrayed as so crazy in the news media. with each arabic tune sabrina and myself found ourselves to become more infatuated with the strange yet particularly and deceptively addictive sand people music.;)however being anglo saxon i found myself slightly intimated by the men and their dance moves :(sabrina took an interest in their mocha complexion and being a man that turns pink in the sun i found myself increasingly inadequate. what a trap. decent drinks but the lighting was broken, so only the fluorescent lighting was turned on (so ugly!), and the regular lighting was off. we even asked them to see if they could turn on the regular lights and they couldn't. very strange. then the dj had some kind of seizure or something, and the music was a mess - the volume kept going up and down abruptly, and it was really awkward and loud. folks were leaving right away because the music was a mess and clearly something was wrong... we bailed. what a mess. mess! had to visit trader vic's tiki bar during our stay in london and we were pleasantly surprised!! we were amazingly taken care of by wait staff and management. absolutely loved our food, the old way chow mein and the cosmo tidbit plates, as well as the drinks we tried, the mai tai sampler and the pogo stick which comes with a sugar swizzle stick of rock candy! andras and oj took awesome care of us and even treated us by offering a complete tour and behind the scenes look in the bar and kitchen! they went above and beyond! loved our time! thank you trader vic's! hopefully we'll be back soon! i wanted something fun, which this place certainly was. it has a slightly silly over the top polynesian theme that i enjoy. the service was very attentive and top notch. as another reviewer mentioned this is in the lower level of the hilton hotel. we went on a monday night at 7 and had no issue getting seated right away.on to the food and drinks...i tried the mai tai wave. it is three different topical mai tais. a fun way to try the different flavors. it included guava, mango and pineapple. i liked the pineapple best, but i think it just comes down to your preferred fruit juice.we got the beef cho cho - little skewers of meat that you reheat over a cool open flame. fun! and the brie with pineapple on top. the brie was simple but good. next time i would almost just get two of those. but i am huge fan of melted brie. for my entree i had the crispy duck. basically their version of peking duck. plenty of meat. good. i also tried vic's rice which is a chicken and shrimp fried rice. fine as a side. coworker had the sea bass and enjoyed it.nothing super amazing but very solid overall and i would come back. nice, cozy and fun atmosphere with solid food. lovely place to have yummy cocktails. chilled out and great music place. made me feel like i was deffo in a tiki hut! staff was very attentive too.. so this was our anniversary dinner on a friday night, it wasn't busy, it wasn't loud and it was welcoming with a cool atmosphere!we'd shared the ribs to start, i'd had a hankering for ribs all day and they didn't disappoint! my partner and i had a very nice relaxing evening over mains and run cocktails. the evening was a success with out charming waiter mr.rodriguez and waitress who personally took care of us! we were also presented a desert which had 'happy anniversary' written round the plate of chocolate and ice cream!we had such a lovely evening, wonderful food, great service and lots of rum! we'll be back! one of the coolest trader vic's. actually second to the one in beverly hills. awesome vibe inside and awesome staff. i love well crafted tiki drinks, and i hail from vic bergeron's hometown in the bay area. these are not vic's drinks. vic's drinks are carefully measured and crafted to perfection. these drinks are complete crap. if you like cranberry juice and rum, well here you go. oh and our waiter rushed us and seemed rude. a nod to the chef & cooks, the food was delicious. the cocktails killed it. horrible service. no one was friendly. took 30 minutes to order drinks. then after another 20 minutes had to flag someone down to order dinner. two hours into dinner. food was ok. drinks were good we finally got the dessert menu. another twenty minutes after we picked out dessert still no one came by. no one to even flag down. we finally flagged someone down for the check and left pissed off. don't eat here unless you want to make a day if it. no one even said good y or thanks on the way out. my girlfriend and i were very underwhelmed with tv. we went for an interesting thanksgiving menu but at 40l per person, the entire experience was mediocre. from the over-iced and watered down drinks to the lack of table service (no breads, water refill, etc) and the high french portion sizes of the "traditional american thankgiving", this three course meal of butternut squash soup, a few slices of dry turkey with sides and tiny slice of apple pie was disappointing. i always have such a good time here that it makes it hard to order a mai tai anywhere else on the planet. order the mai tai wave to find the perfect flavor during the different stages of dinner. the tuna poke here is a must! this was my first experience at a tiki bar and i think i liked it. this place is located in the lower level of the hilton hotel and doesn't open until 5pm (which we learned the hard way). we arrived right when they opened, so it wasn't crowded at all. there were lots of tables, but we opted to sit at the bar. they have happy hour, so we were happy to be there during that to take advantage of a discount. there were lots of choices and we all ordered different drinks and everyone liked everything. we watched the bartender make them all and he measured out everything and you could tell that the drinks were very balanced and didn't taste too strong. the dcor is what you'd expect in a tiki bar and was it was dark. i'm not sure if that's normal or not, but it's because it's in the lower level of the hotel. i'd go back here during happy hour to try some of their other cocktails. i could see this being a fun place for a big group of people. trader vic's are pushing out the boat, or should that be canoe, with their 4th july us independence day dinner. 49 per head with tasty barbeque treats from their amazing chinese wood-fired ovens using an ancient cooking method dating back to the han dynasty. the ribs are delicious - and tasty, no need for the accompanying dips. known for their cocktails in branded cups, they are evolving their london menu to make it much more of a destination dining spot.it was vic "the trader" bergeron who first put chinese dishes alongside contemporary continental cuisine in the late 1930s, creating the original fusion menu. it's much the same today, but true to their slogan "taste the world" you can expect some updates to the menu in the next few months.the tapa cloth wallpaper used in trader vic's comes from tonga, where paper mulberry trees are sliced, starched and hand- painted to create these exotic textures and patterns.each piece is different, and made individually for the 26 trader vic's restaurants around the world.call 020 7208 4113 or email tradervics.parklane@hiltto celebrate the 4th of july delicious! tender bbq spare ribs from the original 1972 recipe.vic said: "you can have more fun with a flower behind your ear, a mai tai in your hand and good friends."he certainly got that right.trader vic's, 22 park lane, london w1k 1betradervicslondon.comtradervicslondon.comcopyright alan greenhalgh  2015 staying at the hotel (hilton) above and decided to stop in for some mai tais and apps. the bouncer (?) was rude and said no trainers (sneakers) or jeans but decided to let us in 'this time'. mind you half of the restaurant was filled with others wearing casual attire- its a tiki bar...not nobu...our waiter was kind but hovered a bit much. the drinks were great- the food was ok. the trader vics in dubai is far superior and has friendlier service. you get the impression they are trying to class up a place that serves drinks in little ceramic men- get over it hilton/trader vics. you're a glorified pub with mediocre chinese food. trader vic's in london makes me very happy. i love trader vic's around the world but the london location is my absolute favorite. it has such a great history and the mai tai's rule! they recently did some renovating, so it's fresh and welcoming. yeah, it's a little cheesy but it does what it does so well. have drinks at the bar or sit in one of the tables near the live entertainment. either way, you'll feel like you went back in time to an exotic polynesian place. look out for the werewolves of london... welcome to the home of the mai tai! the founder of this restaurant supposedly created the drink for his friends visiting from tahitit! he opened the original vic's in california and included his drink on the menu. now it's become a world-wide sensation.located in a hidden away area, under the hilton, it's pretty hard to find. i would have been roaming around london for a while if my friend's cab had not picked me up. shame that it's not more advertised/present because i really enjoyed this place. lots of tropical decor and tribal masks really set what they describe as a polynesian atmosphere. strange as the place is pretty upscale but it just works. i would definitely dress up a bit to go here, especially if i were sitting in one of the more secluded dining tables. the food is no-doubt pricey but understandably so as a lot of their meat is cooked in the 'roti' style, meaning that it's roasted in a traditional wood-fired oven. also explains why it takes a while for it to come!the place was packed when i came here, with live music and dancing in the mai tai lounge. they boast over 200 cocktails and i tried umm...a few. they hit my friends pretty hard but i found them to just be quite tasty. my friend's beef was great although my aromatic duck was objectively a bit too crunchy and oily. however, i loved it! basically if you want an upscale place to drink, eat great food, and dance with an exclusive london club nearby (whisky mist), this place can't be beat! ps: book reservations if you can, especially on weekends! fantastic is one word i would say about itthe bartender was very nice and personable and no matter how busy it got, we were still given attentive service. the prices were not outrageous and the crowd was hip.they had live music was was rather good and not too loud. we did end up sitting at the bar on the opposite side of the music, but we still were able to hear it and enjoy the ambiance.it does look like a tiki bar.. so cool decor! this place has very good service and excellent food. my kids and i really enjoyed it! not for me. expensive, drinks were loaded, and the tiki vibe does not work for me in london. we're lead to believe that the mai tai was invented here. well, yes, at trader vic's, but in oakland, ca. we only came here because it was open late. ordered drinks at 12:30 am and kicked out at 1:00 pm. we went to this place for a birthday and although the place was quite empty (friday night and as busy as you would expect a monday night to be), we had to wait a lot to be served. the cocktails were all done in the same two types of glasses and not in nice one like the ones in the menu, so it was a bit disappointing.the live music was good, but none seemed to enjoy it.and they followed us up the stairs to let us know we forgot to pay 50p of the service charge. not that was intentional, but really after spending 100 quid, i found it quite shocking. our favourite tiki bar. awesome drinks (flipping strong) and authentic kinda vibe inside. i prefer to come during quieter periods as it gets very crowded and loud. as good as it gets in the underground tiki bar category. there aren't many trader vic's left in the world, so savor this one londoners. a great place to crawl into for some liquor fueled debauchery. it's a landmark bar, more popular then the venue above it, which is quite amazing for something attached to a 5 star hotel and a layabout daughter. my first visit wasn't great but maybe i'm a little raw about being told that i can't stand next to a table to talk to a friend (as it's not that kind of bar) or that the service charge doesn't reflect the forty minute time taken to get a drink ordered or seated next to fantastically large stewpots meant a five degree rise in ambient temperature. a second visit thanks to my kind of phone and qype proved a different experience with access to the kon tikki canoe filled with a orange based punch and some strong signature mai tais. i guess it could have been an unlucky first visit, the service from the staff that night was exemplary and live music is rather special if you're lucky enough to be seated in that quadrant. the porcelain cocktail bowls are very unique and are very pretty. the decor hasn't changed (and doesn't need to) since the swinging sixties with the old bamboo and grass adorning gurning faces from the walls. look out for the cheeky sailor on the way to the toilets, chatham will never seem the same again. if the prices seem a little steep, remember that it is a five star cocktail bar and that the drinks include the history and experience of the venue, which does make for an incredibly special night out. really fantastic place to eat i'm sure. i was here with others for the "my kind of phone" event and it was like walking into another world. i absolutely love the kitch and yet sofisticated environment they have created inside. i've always wanted to go to one since i saw it in toronto but just never had reason to descend the stairs and experience it. now i know what i was missing all those years. whether you're kicking back for a cocktail as we were or in there for a meal i'll bet the staff are as absolutely brilliant as they were for us. the whole 'no shorts' thing was a bit weird but other than that it was the most amazing expereince. i wish every place had staff that attentive, that professional and that friendly. if they did, london would be the service capital of the world. i have heard of trader vic's before, but had no idea what to expect. when i stepped through the door and was greeted by polynesian statues, i got the giggles - this would be fun, i thought to myself! as i walked down the stairs, there was a mix of decor - from the carpet that seemed like it belonged in a ruby tuesday's to the coral, shells, tiki men and ... oh my gosh is that really a canoe filled with fruity cocktails?! indeed, folks! this place is full-on themed from the walls to the staff. it seemed out of place for the location, but the clientele was easy on the eye! ;) they had a great bar and the staff was very attentive. i cant say much about the food, as i only had a (pretty decent) bbq rib, but this place could be a whole lot of fun for a party. the first time i got absolutely hammered with my dad was at trader vic's.when he first moved to london in the 1970's, this place was it. all the cool kids came here; he had plenty of great stories to tell, many memories (or lack there of), and of course, the mai tai's, which i believe were actually invented by trader vic himself.the place is in the basement of the hilton; it's dark, a little dingy, but full of life. just the right place to reminisce the good ole times with pops and down buckets of mai tai's, chicken skewers and jalapeno cheese balls (omfgyummmm).it's not very london. it's not very anywhere. it's just an interesting place and that's the way i like it.	0	1	1	0	0
 we had an amazing lunch with friends at the portrait restaurant...the view and the ambience is simple breathtaking! sitting on the top floor of the national portrait gallery, this place is a complete gem. the service and staff was phenomenal. the table setting was elegant and the menu really topped off the entire experience. going to the restaurant was a real treat especially since the museum is already free (and so worth it!) i would definitely make it a point to visit and eat here while in london! i'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars.the location, as everyone says, is amazing. we got seated right by the window, so we had an amazing view of big ben, trafalgar sq, etc. it was really beautiful! it's also nice that it's not directly visible from the museum and somewhat hidden on a different floor. unfortunately, it's distracting to take it all in when the restaurant is so loud. i feel like i could hear everyone's conversations but my own. the food was also a solid 3.5 out of 4 stars. i had the gazpacho which was really great, but the ice shot in the middle filled with oil that kept spilling made it less good. i also had the baked saffron rice stuffed tomatoes - it was again much too oily! the rice was a little dry within the tomatoes but the romesco sauce was too oily for me. the person i was with had the smoked salmon/waldorf salad to start which was good, and then the mackerel which he said was nothing special/not great.given all of this, i will give the final 4 stars because the service was phenomenal. they were so attentive throughout the whole night and gave a birthday surprise to the person i was with! come for the view, but definitely stay for the food.located discreetly on top of the national portrait gallery (also totally worth a visit) at the ever so busy trafalgar square , the portrait restaurant offers a fabulous view of many famous landmarks in westminster, a delicious seasonal menu, and a lively but surprisingly peaceful atmosphere that's so rare in this area.i ordered the bouillabaisse, which is a lighter and more lunch appropriate version of the famous marseille dish. the fish was cooked to perfection. i also tried lamb from the tasting menu, it was tender, flavourful and an absolute delight to eat. on to dessert, the chocolate saint-milion was rich but not overly sweet, the spiced roasted pineapple with lemon sorbet was refreshing, yet interesting with a slight kick of chili. the festive cocktail, lemon drop bellini, was beautiful, easy to drink and not as sweet as it sounds. for someone who has trouble finishing any alcoholic drinks, i drank up the last drop. the service was also impeccable from beginning to end. to me, the portrait restaurant was a pleasant surprise. i didn't expect to have a such an exquisite meal in a gallery but i enjoyed every aspect of it. i'd highly recommend anyone to pay a visit. lovely light-filled restaurant inside of the national portrait gallery. spectacular view of westminster, my first sighting of the london eye was from inside of portrait and it really got me excited about the week we'd be spending in town. this was one of our first meals in london as we were staying right off of trafalgar square. the food and the service were wonderful (why is the butter so delicious???) just a lovely little gem. after our meal, we wandered around the museum. free admission! what a luxury. take note, us! this place is a hidden gem!! it is located on the 3rd floor of national portrait gallery (not the same entrance as the national gallery) and the view is amazing. you can see everything from the london eye to westminster abbey. we came here for afternoon tea. afternoon tea is only from 3:30 to 4:30 thursday to saturday i think and the tea set is around 30 per person. each person gets 3 savory items, two scones, and 3 desserts. personally, i think the scones are the best and the desserts were not impressive at all. you also get unlimited tea. you're basically paying for the view. small tip for people who don't want to spend a lot of money - just order one/two set and share the food. the others can just get the tea. it's cheaper that way ;) what a delight! the food, rooftop views of london, presentation and staff are all wonderful. we were there for sunday brunch and enjoyed the special roast beef with yorkshire pudding of course. my daughter had the chicken with polenta, looked plain and boy was it tasty. the chicken liver appetizer is a home run, my 11 year old daughter had never tried it and ate half my order. the panna cotta dessert was delightful. also, the flower salad is beauutiful and delicious. we enjoyed the experience so much we return again for lunch the same week. this is a hidden gem located on the top floor of the portrait gallery museum--do not miss this delightful experience. i loved it. most museum restaurants are great and this one is one of the very best. excellent service and a stunning view of westminster abbey and beyond.the vanilla bourbon tea was one of the most delicious teas i have ever had and i highly recommend it.the museum is free so coming in and up to his oasis is highly recommended. while aimlessly wandering the national portrait gallery we stumbled on the portrait restaurant, unaware of its existence. as it happens i was starving and there was a table for two available. the view is astounding, which made me fear the worst for the food, which quite often takes second or third place from a gorgeous view. but fear not, the food was delicious. my cod with lentils was very tasty and my partner's bass with mushrooms was a exquisite. i expect us to return. delicious food, gorgeous views, a bit pricey but well worth it! make reservations because the restaurant was packed the evening we dined. manager gigi was extremely personable and you could tell he took great care of every party as he stopped by the table to chat. the portrait restaurant, located in the top floor of the national portrait gallery, has an amazing view of london. breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, is served daily. contemporary british fare is accompanied by a nice selection of wines (including british vintners) and cocktails. lunch is served daily. dinner is available on thursday, friday, and saturdays. great place to chill after work or with the gal pals or pre-theatre. npg.org.uk/portraitresta five star view and tasty food, but overpriced. still, that view. yes, please!portrait restaurant on the top of the national portrait gallery boasts really fantastic views of downtown london, big ben, the london eye and trafalgar square, along with more brass cupolas than i realized london had, until you find yourself at this fantastic vantage point and see that its really a town full of ancient towers and cupolas. (must look up more often!) the food at portraits is actually quite good, but pricey. entrees ala carte are basically the same price as a fixed meal with either starer and main or main and dessert, so you may as well splurge and get something more substantial at lunch.not all all kid friendly, this is a fancy, traditional spot full of white suited waiters and multi course meals, which i hadn't realized when i booked. still, coming here with an older child of nine, there wasn't anything on the menu kid-appropriate. it would be nice if they might realize that not all patrons are going to want a three course lunch, or some overly gourmet main. clearly, they could care less about a stubborn american mom who is desirous of a rooftop view of london that she drags her well-behaved child to subsist on a croissant and orange juice at lunchtime --ahem! bad mummy.for me, nicely cooked fish, fennel, grapefruit and spinach entree, and a very creamy cauliflower soup along with a bread basket for 25 pounds (gasp) was a nice, satisfying and expensive experience.keep in mind this is a very generous lunch, and you may be sleepy while wandering about the gallery. next time, will come for breakfast --a better value certainly, and the view is something worth repeating. i feel this restaurant was over-rated. our waiter only showed up twice-once to give us the menu and once to stop by and take our drink order. i had to stop him and ask for water. by the time he came back for water, we are ready to go.i ordered the hake. it was ok. a bit too rich for me. hubby's angus steak was really good and tender and juicy. overall, the food was ok for me but the customer service could be better. calamari and oster were superb! strawberry bellini was delicious. chocolate and salted caramel made my taste buds come alive. but, the grouse was fairly gross.... personally, it's all about the view (and classy ambiance).i went with three other friends to the bar, and we all gushed over the view above the national gallery. the view is rather magical because you don't see the hordes of tourists & activity on trafalgar square below, only the classic architecture surrounding the area. it almost felt like i was in st. petersburg or prague.the wine prices were reasonable and the bar service was just fine. my friends ordered queen olives as our bar snacks; i don't even *like* olives, but these were absolutely delicious! it was like a "sword and the stone" experience. for that, portrait restaurant will always have a special place in my heart ;)one of the best (and unique) views of london. come during sunset! here's a little secret: come in the morning. you can grab a coffee, tea, boiled egg or toast and get the same views without a major spend.the only downside to this strategy is that the views are to the east, so the morning views come with the sun in front. this makes photos (all from indoors) a bit more tricky, but also gives you a taste of what you might experience if you come here at other times in the day. lovely afternoon tea spot. get away from the otherwise ticky-tackiness of trafalgar square and enjoy expansive views of london while you sip and nosh on great afternoon tea and treats.relatively inexpensive at 25pounds per person - there is more food than one normal person can consume. as expected the scones and clotted cream and jam were delicious. the beet/onion/goat cheese sandwich was also a highlight. the desserts (macaron, chocolate dessert, eclair, fruit tart) were for the most part good.additionally, the national portrait gallery is really an enjoyable destination - a very pleasant surprise. this is one of my all-time favourites for afternoon tea and somehow it still remains a well kept secret - shhhh. you can't beat the view across trafalgar square and if you opt for a pot of tea and scones only rather than going for the big deal tea, it doesn't break the bank either.i have yet to meet a visitor who was not impressed. book a table in time with the sunset! great for a surprise with a loved one.it is small, so i would definitely book ahead. there are lots of teas and fancy cakes* to be shared (or not). don't be in a hurry because the service is very slow for such a small space.double check the times when they are open. different menu at different times.give yourself time to sit and relax. service is in no rush either.*def not vegan i have been once there for a coffee ,but, i really wanna go again for a meal. its a lovely place to catch up with friends and socialize. lovely service and view. all the stars go to the view, everything else is as you would expect: fine, a bit pricey, worth the visit. nearly perfect. had afternoon tea there. great views. great food. good tea. only complaint is that it's a bit noisy. recommend reservations. east to do online. we had a group of 24 high school students and this was one of the highlights of the trip, having the afternoon tea service. the food was delicious, the atmosphere relaxing and lovely, the service was impeccable - i cannot rave enough. every single person we encountered, from the person checking our coats to every single member of the waitstaff was friendly and welcoming and helpful and made every single one of us feel important and valued. we had a few special dietary requests and they were handled so thoughtfully - definitely a highlight of our trip. thank you! duck songbefore joining the achingly hip crowd gathered for the late shift extra at the national portrait gallery, we couldn't resist having dinner at the portrait gallery. this rooftop restaurant has the most breathtaking panaromic views of london, particularly on a sunny day.we tore ourselves away from it, to order our main, the confit of duck, presented on an island of creamy mash, surrounded by a lapping sea of red onion gravy. the duck was cooked perfectly, encased in a thin crispy skin which was golden brown. the mash was smooth and well seasoned, while the red onion gravy was a revelation. my dessert of raspberry and apple crumble, arrived with a tiny side jug of custard, which took the edge of the fruit's combined tartness. my other half unfortunately went for the chocolate pot which was lovely, but far too large a portion for something so rich. late shift extra we finished dinner and headed downstairs to room 20 - the reform room. a beautifully proportioned room, full of paintings of notable british historical parliamentaries and reformists. in front of an epic execution of the house of commons, 1833, drawfed by the sheer scale of the canvas stood andreya triana. this tiny, bare footed powerhouse singer songwriter, treated us to an emotive, soulful tinged delivery of six excellent songs.accompanied by a keyboard/mixer and talented guitarist 'matt' , she ended her set with a brilliant electro choral reworking of the eurythumics"sweet dreams". her voice soared over a deep, pounding bassline, that had the whole audience rocking. all in all a great friday night ! i'll be completely honest... if the company wasn't paying, then i probably wouldn't have had lunch here! i love good food, but sometimes the price can put you off.i will say that in making a group booking for our lunch, it was fairly easy. if you go over a certain amount of people, i believe it was 8, then they have a form they send you and you have to go onto a reduced menu. the only thing about the reduced menu i did not like was that they were asking us to commit to 2 or 3 courses without knowing what would be on offer on the day we had lunch. after a bit of negotiating, they did let our group order off of the normal lunch menu since there were just 9 of us.i was really excited about the globe artichoke salad! i did order the crab cake to start with. it was delicious and i thought it was the right consistency... sometimes it is too mushy or too dry, but this was just right. the salad looked beautiful and it tasted lovely, with the exception of the potatoes. they were blue/purple and i was expecting them to taste wonderful, but they really didn't have any flavour... in fact the consistency wasn't even nice... not sure if that was the potato's fault or whoever cooked its fault.for dessert i had the caramalized walnut tart with clotted cream. talk about sweet! it was so good though! it reminded me a lot of pecan pie, but the walnuts cut a bit of the sweetness and i really enjoyed it, especially with the cream! everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well... no complaints at all.we were seated next to the window and while the view was nice, i wouldn't say it is the best view ever because a lot of it is the top of the national gallery. loved this place. the food was good - mid range but well prepared. the view - one of the best in london. truly amazing. not many people seem to know about this place, and we were sent downstairs to the cafe at first, then we asked for directions to the "restaurant" and went up an escalator to this amazing little place. the hostess can be a little flustered, but the bar staff (we ate at the bar) were super friendly. just stunning views of the square and london. excellent place to grab a solid bite of food, and a view to send pictures home of. we came here as tourists. this was a pretty fun spot to grab lunch after a concert at st martin in the fields. the food was pretty solid, the service was decent (for london...sigh), and the best part, was the view! it's not that high up, but london's not filled with skyscrapers so it got all the great tourist sights in there. pretty fun for a tourist. it's all the way at the top floor of the museum. just keep going up and you'll find it. when we first arrived i was concerned it could be a snooty kind of place with uppity staff and tiny portions. i was so please to find i was completely wrong. my wife , daughter and i had arrived for brunch at about 11:20am on a weekday and were greeted by very friendly maitre d who seated us immediately. we had a table at the window with an awe inspiring view of the city. we had booked earlier but were one of only three groups of diners in at that time. it did get busier at about 12:15 so i would suggest booking to prevent disappointment. our waitress was a stunning 6ft tall germanic amazon who evidently spent more on manicures and shoes than i do on cars and houses. on seeing her i surreptitiously eyed the menu to see if there were any hidden surcharges such as an arm and a leg for service but apart from the usual 12% there were none. my wife was enjoying my awkwardness immensely and suggested i ask her out! the food was beautifully prepared which was expected with a nice portion size which was not. the dishes themselves were fantastic. it was wonderful to see english food being presented in such an appealing way. the dish i relished most was the black pudding which was on wilted spinach and topped with a poached egg and devilled sauce. this was perfect as everything seems better with a poached egg. i balanced out the meal with the smoked chicken caesar salad which was nice but not as monumental as the black pudding which even the picky 9 year old thought was "yummy".  our daughter had the soup of the day which was pumpkin (she's 9!) and chips which were enormous and perfectly cooked being golden and crisp on the outside with a fluffy center. my wife had the goats cheese and red onion tart with rocket which was also delicious. i still won with the black pudding!the amazon was attentive and professional and made a fuss over our daughter which was duly appreciated. the dining experience was a excellent from start to finish. the price is moderate to high but well worth it considering the location view, quality of food and that heidi klum's younger sister works there!the majority of the tables are along the southern windows so you will have a perfect excuse to wear your cool ray-bans during lunch as it does get very sunny. the photo's do not do the place justice. restaurants that are well known for stunning views as well as those placed within museums and other cultural institutions and tourist attractions often have a reputation for being overpriced or for making quality and taste a secondary concern. on the contrary, i found, in addition to a gorgeous view in a fab setting, that my lunch at portrait was deliciously good value. with a world class collection of art below thos top floor eatery featuring stunning views of many of london's most noted landmarks and the menu in the capable hands of head chef katarina todosijevic, this is a winner of a place to eat. more about the chef here:londonist.com/2010/08/ch  a very good restaurant for a date or catching up with an old friend! you absolutely can not beat the view here. large windows open up to a view of nelson in trafalgar square and across whitehall to the houses of parliament, big ben and the london eye. the space is airy as you would expect in a museum, but the food is a bit better. expect fancy yet typical british food, with the exception of fish and chips (impossible to make fancy!). ask for a table by the window, or in one of the newer booth areas where at least one person gets to look out. do make a reservation, as it gets quite busy. don't be late for your table. i didn't know what to expect from a restaurant, purported excellent views or not, established near a tourist-laden icon of london, trafalgar square. firstly, the place commands a fairly elite presence. although a restaurant, they serve only breakfast and lunch, so most of their patrons tend to be local professionals, not tourists. business attire (suit) is suggested if you want to fit in, but probably not mandatory; reservations are highly suggested; being escorted by someone who is a regular there doesn't hurt. be prepared to pay higher prices for food which would be considered fair-good if presented from a street-level cafe. as with any establishment with a view, the prices of the food do not reflect the quality, rather they reflect the height at which the kitchen is perched. not bad food, just not earth shaking. fall/winter in late afternoon provides the most dramatic view in my opinion.	0	0	1	0	0
 busaba is always our default place to go on date night. i love the seating there, because it feels homey and family style. i always order the chicken satai and the peanut sauce is always on point. when it come to mains, i love the pad kewito (or phat si-io). basaba gives big portion sizes so i never leave here feeling hungry.service here is also great. we always get seated relatively quickly and our food is served to us quickly too. also a major plus that they are always coming around to refill water, which i really appreciate from any restaurant. favorite thai food in london!! i've been to busaba twice, and both times got the same thing - the lunch thali, which comes with a pot of tea, and then a starter and a main from a list. both times i've had the spring rolls for starters and the chili beef with egg for the main. obviously as it's marketed as a thali it all comes out at once.the spring rolls are pretty bad. both times. this time they came sitting in a half inch of sweet chili sauce, which didn't make them any better. but the other two options from this list didn't appeal to me (chicken wings or chicken satay). i very much like the chili beef, which is mince and rice and similar to something i make at home, but better than mine. they put a fried egg on top, but it's cooked within an inch of its life (and clearly in a huge amount of oil). it's tasty, but there's no runny yolk or anything. so while it seems like it'd be a dry dish, there's enough juice? oil? from the mince to keep things tasty. this meal will set you back 10, which is pretty decent. it's a small portion, though, and a lot of the seating is at uncomfortable communal tables. this is a communal table style thai restaurant. the service is good. the food is good, but watch the heat- it can be hotter than the menu suggests. my daughter took us because it was one of her favorite places during grad school and it definitely had a young vibe. i recommend the prawns and calamari. i had the thai beef salad which had a very strong flavor. it was quite good, but one of those dishes that you've had enough of after a few bites due to the strong flavor. the portion size was underwhelming, not a full meal by any stretch of the imagination. the bottled beer was barely chilled - a big disappointment because beer is best ice cold!they have a placemat that advertises 5 off if you download their app. what they don't advertise up front is that you must enter your credit card info into their app then use the app to pay. a bit of a bait and switch because i was not keen to do that. it's not a place i would return to. the ambience is also quite fancy and tables are designed to share with other parties. it's a really great deal to go for the 4-7pm 2 course option! recommend the chicken starts (both are great!) and the shrimp and pad thai main courses. as far as thai restaurants go this was ok. don't get me wrong - the food was tasty but i've had much better. i had the green curry fried rice which according to the menu is a new addition. it came with grilled chicken on the side. the sauce the chicken came in was tasty but the chicken was dry. a good thing about this place is that the spice level indicator on the menu is correct! my dish had 1 chilli and it was the perfect level of spice for me. the sad thing about this place is that there is no dessert!!! what?!? it's my favourite course! service was fine but nothing amazing. i probably won't rush back! the decor at this restaurant is clean and modern, but the food is just okay. we had the lunch special which comes with tea, choice of appetizer and main dish. i had the spring roll with curry chicken with rice noodle. the spring rolls were very small and not much flavor and the curry chicken with rice noodles came in a small bowl which taste like soggy noodle soup. this wasn't what i was expecting and felt like the entire meal was like an appetizer then a full meal. i was still hungry because the portions were so small. i was rather disappointed as i've had far better tasting thai food then this. i won't be back and will find a real thai restaurant serving authentic thai cuisine. i definitely won't be back. i know this is a chain, but it's delicious. starters: calamari is a must-have. chicken satay was good, but the spring rolls are incredibly meh, as are the prawn crackers. definitely get the calamari!! entrees: prawn fried rice is great, if a little low on the prawns. pad thai jay, sen chai pad thai, pad thai, smoked chicken noodles, all great. curries leave a little to be wanted, so try to avoid those. i'm a regular at this spot, due to my lawschool being close by.the food is delicious for a chain restuarant.will recommend the pad thai for sure! my favourite dish here! the price is pricey,but then again, you pay for what you get. however, if you are a student you get discount which is a plus.overall the place is good. the staff are friendly , food is great, and the atmosphere is cool. had a great time. i went when it wasn't busy so i was seated immediately and the food came out quickly. the food was great as always and the mandatory thai calamari lived up to expectations. the staff were really great and attentive, which is something that cannot be said for every restaurant. i used their app to pay. it was a little confusing as there are two service charges so you have to tip with that in mind. overall it was great and i'll definitely be going back. enjoy wow! this was probably the best thai food i've ever eaten (i've never been to thailand). the thai calamari starter was absolutely phenomenal - very tasty and tender. the sen chan pad thai was probably the best pad thai i've ever had. even the tea was great! service was fast and efficient. i suppose the only negative is the communal tables, but we got seated at a private table off to the side. there's also a private room in the basement for meetings or functions. highly recommended!! cool atmosphere in this place. i was very satisfied with my whole meal experience. it did get rather busy and i felt that i couldn't dawdle after my meal, but that's okay. i had the pad thai jay. it was good and satisfied my craving. this place is chic, so i would recommend it for a date, as long as it doesn't get too loud. i've been here twice, and i'm not going to lie, i played it safe and ordered the same thing both times: pad thai jay (basically the vegetarian version of pad thai). as a general pad thai lover, it is super delicious. everyone i've gone with tends to love their food, and the atmosphere is perfect for a small or larger group, as you sit around large tables and share with other people but have enough space to not feel crowded. the service is very good, and the wine menu has an excellent selection. this is the place to go for thai if you're on tottenham court road! my school paid for our group dinner so we got to try all the classics. i was especially impressed by the guava collins - it was a very refreshing drink (pretty small size for how much it was, but maybe it's decent for london standards). the green papaya salad (som tum) was delicious and i also enjoyed the green curry! there was a seafood salad (not sure what the name was since i didn't see the menu) that had scallops and was pretty spicy, which i liked! a friend of mine suggested we all meet here for lunch, saying the tofu & spinach dish "changed [her] life" and made her realise she could be a vegetarian without sacrificing taste. now, i'm no vegetarian but if you are, busaba eathai has plenty of options for you. i ordered the smoked chicken noodle dish, which was delicious - especially once i added a touch of sirracha sauce! it was simple but flavorful, with chinese broccoli and bits of egg. the prices and portion sizes are right (i'm not a fan of places that serve up massive portions, and this was perfect for me); it cost me about 10 gbp for my smoked chicken dish and a drink. i didn't try it, but the pad thai jay (a vegan/vegetarian version of pad thai) looked delicious. speaking of drinks, a friend and i both ordered the lemongrass and ginger drink which we expected - for some reason - to be a freshly pressed beverage. it came in a bottle, and my friend expressed her surprise to the waiter. he immediately offered to exchange it for something else. we declined, but he made sure we knew the offer was genuine. it was very good service. while we were waiting for our food and drinks to arrive, the staff kept making sure our water glasses were filled without us ever having to ask, which was also a nice touch.it's not the best thai i've ever had, but it's convenient and very tasty. i'm definitely planning a return! i love thai cuisine and busaba eathai did not disappoint! as soon as you walk through the door, the wonderful aromas hit you and, let me tell you, the food tastes as good as it smells. we shared an assortment of starters and each of us enjoyed a different main. the waiting staff were lovely and the food was very quick to arrive. the decor of the place was also gorgeous - dimly lit and intimate. that being said, the majority of the tables are structured so that your party can be seated on a large square table with another party, so for those looking for a romantic one-on-one setting, i'd recommend requesting a table to suit this beforehand.not the cheapest place in the city, but not the most expensive either - well worth the money! so during my lunch break from class, one of my classmates suggested eating thai so we came here. walking in all the tables are "communal" tables or "group" seating meaning if you're a group of 2 you'll be seated with a bunch of strangers...that's fine. so we get seated quickly. but, i was slightly annoyed the girl next to me was taking up the whole seat...oh well. anyway we looked the menu and the server came to take drink order. i asked for ice water while my friend, she asked for hot water. after looking at the menu for a bit, we decided on what we wanted to order, but we couldn't get anyone to take our order. we flagged down a server and she said to wait for another server to come. when we got our drinks, a server gave us both ice waters but we quickly corrected him and he went off to fix our order. after we finally ordered our meals, i ordered the tom yam talay (the mixed seafood lemongrass noodle soup) while my friend ordered the chicken curry. our food came quickly but i was very disappointed with my food...the noodles didn't go well with the soup plus a majority of the seafood were tiny ugly looking clams. my friend seemed to enjoy her chicken curry though. all in all the food was only ok. the flavor of the soup was good...but the stuff inside the soup was not so good. result: will i go back? maybe...to give it one more chance...but probably not. i'll try someplace else instead. a very good thai restaurant. the food is very well made and remember the time i went to thailand. a must be in london i loved this place years ago.several years elapsei still love this place.do you like spicy? good. i do, too. you might want to start with two of my lip-warming favourites: calamari with black pepper and chilis, and a green papaya salad. the latter might need some more detail: ribbons of green papaya combined with chilis and dried shrimp and cherry tomatoes (and, i'm guessing: fish sauce) for a marinated masterpiece. yep, i just called a cold salad a masterpiece. it's just that good.although i've snagged bites of crab-sauteed fried rice, broth-based soups and green curries (all good), i always go for a sauted noodle options. this time round it featured tofu, shrimp and crab meat...extra-spicy. bad thai? nah, this is pad thai.special shout-outs go to the drink options too: muddled herbs, fresh juices, coconut water, teas...there are a wealth of options for the parched. communal eating at tables positioned around the restaurant, but none of the personal attention or amazing service is lost through this seating arrangement: both servers and manager popped by to ensure we were enjoying our meals, to the point where (with each one bearing a glass of water) we had 8 glasses on the table. hydrated thai restaurant? thaidrated!yelp note: the dcor here is nice, but almost *too* over-designed (gerbera daisies and tea lights floating in the entrances, incense burning in carved holders) that i find the signs indicating an entrance hard to find as it's made to artistically mimic the lines and curves of thai script. combined with the flat wood doors, it can be a challenge finding the entrance / bathroom doors (helpful note: it's a bright orange font that runs north/south along the door). love the simple decor and the menu options were divine. the food was really good--loved the duck and the calamari side. service was ehh--like half of the orders came out and then it took 5 minutes for everyone else, and they were a bit short with us.concept is good, but be prepared to wait--and maybe not as worth the wait as you might think. lovely food / great speedy service / nice staffwhat more could you want? its a nice placeto chill except when its really busy at peak times a good option for thai food from this small london chain. the other i've sampled is near st christopher place, and attracts basically the same review.food well prepared, sensible portion sizes, service generally good, prices reasonable.be aware seating is typically "communal" (shared tables) the flavors are very different from the usual thai places. the calamari is amazing! i wish i could find this dish in nyc. as the others have said, the atmosphere is great here and i really haven't had a bad/mediocre dish here. i'm visiting london for a month on a research trip and someone recommended busaba easthai for good thai curry. unfortunately, the restaurant did not live up to their reputation for me. i arrived alone at about 5:50pm (just before dinner rush) and ordered the lemongrass tea and jungle curry. i'm used to eating spicy curry and it brought spice; unfortunately, it didn't bring much else. the curry was really soupy, without much flavour, and i almost choked on a stem. the chicken was okay, but nothing special (+1 star).the restaurant's ambiance was lovely and welcoming, with low lights, group-style tables, and lots of wood (+1 star).the service was atrocious. it got busier as more folks came in for dinner, but that meant i had to wait 25min for them to take my empty plate (luckily i brought a book). people on either side of me came, ate, and left, but they completed neglected to notice i was finished and ready to leave. i tried to flag one of the three servers zippping by, but to no avail. i then put my coat on and stood up to walk to the register to pay and only then did they notice and went to print the bill. had their service been prompt and courteous i most likely would have ordered dessert.there are so many other excellent thai places in london that i do not think i will be returning to this one. i really enjoyed the food here- so much that we went back a few times. the thai calamari was just fabulous, i know i'll be craving it back home and won't be able to get anything like it!service was prompt and efficient. food came quickly and was hot and fresh. i thought prices were moderate (2 drinks, 2 apps and 2 main dishes came to about 30gbp). the pad thai was very good. my husband got the jungle chicken and really enjoyed it. i am not in love with the communal dining. the last time we went we were sat at a table with a handful of tipsy annoying students (one who tried to perfect her alabama accent the entire dinner). would go back and would recommend. otg (oh thai god).had a most delectable meal here at busaba. to start/share you've got to try the thai calamari- comes out looking like quilted 'curls' but it is delicious- as it the chinese brocoli (lots of garlic and mushrooms thrown in, almost tastes as if it's been steamed with broth yum yum).i went for the lemongrass chicken and glass noodles in coconut soup. the chicken is quite pungent in flavour so mixes well with the delicate broth. we also ordered the chili cod (great with coconut rice) and one of the spicy beef curries (sorry i'm not plagiarising the menu very well here, the 'given' names for the dishes are a little more appetising and exotic sounding than my bastardising descriptions).even the juices are exquisite- grapefruit mojito is memorable and even the simple lycee juice and coconut water (having had more than my fair share of coconut at this point...) is superb, if it is as simple as it sounds i might have to try this one at home.will just quickly mention the decor is very lustrous, high ceiling and seductive all-timber interior decorated with figurative gold shrines on the mezzanine platform (this is nice- don't think chintz). friendly staff and communal dining on square tables. it fills up quickly... here comes my commercial voice: 'arrive early to avoid disappointment'. will be back soon for more... this is the chilled out older sister of the wardour st restaurant. you know, the one that's been to college, settled down a little and has a husband now. she's fine with how she looks and enjoys hobbies and a happy work life balance. not like her upstart, hipster always rushing around younger brother who is just too cool for school. yep, that's the store street busaba.store st busaba is usually less busy, you normally get service that reflects this and you know what, i think it like it more in here. more light in the day, intimate and secluded at night. and it's right by the tcr odean for that double whammy date night. i know how to treat a lady.but seriously, do yourself a favour and get the thai calamari. kapow. i've been going to busaba for way too long. my first trip was 7 years ago to the wardour branch with my classmates after our very first lesson at central st martins. with its communal dining, we thought it was the best place to hold a large group of people all on one table and no need to book in advance...since then i would say i've been there at least once every two months. i've been alone (sit at the window seats so you can stare at passers by), on dates (again, sit at window sits for intimacy), and in big groups, all scenarios accommodated equally.i love busaba because its fast, healthy and tasty. i've been in and out in less than 25 minutes before on a rushed lunch or stayed for an hour and a half for dinner - although its very ethos leans towards people getting in and out fast. don't be too afraid of the queues - they tend to go down very quickly. and the staff are efficient, and usually always the same (i hate places with a high staff turnover...)i review on yelp because i want to share my favourite places first - not the ones that piss me off - so you can avoid being pissed off at busaba by doing the following:- going for lunch or in the evening eating a little earlier than dinner time (5-6pm and you can pretty much walk in), or a little later. - going alone at peak times (you'll always getting pulled to the front of the queue where the twosomes have to linger a while longer) - by going to the store street branch at peak times. the wardour one at peak time is raucous! and the queue can get ridiculous! - and my final tip - if you are on a budget get the green curry fried rice. its a one plate meal, and quite big so you dont have to order a separate curry and rice. i also order tea, because you get this cute little biscuit with it which serves as my dessert (i was a student back then...)i often feel like a smug londoner when i see the queue at wardour and walk 10 mins round the corner to store street where its often possible to waltz in... after all of the hype, i wanted to love busaba. really. in spite of the customer service horror stories, i was totally caught off guard by the amiability of the wait staff--but perhaps this was an off day? on to the food. for starters, the chinese broccoli with garlic and shiitake was just alright....cold and woefully underseasoned. the pad thai with prawns, dried shrimp and tofu was, by far, my fav. there was a lightness to it as well; it felt 'healthy.' the rice noodles are different, but a welcome change from the thicker ones. after eating for the uk and continental europe, i didn't feel like there was a lump of gloopity glop in my stomach...which seems to be a trend with heavy thai meals. i would go back for the pad thai. with a group. the green curry is legit. i also enjoyed the garlic broccoli an mushrooms	0	1	1	0	1
 always a pluswhenever you think of proper pasta and decent italian food , it's the place to goyou need to make a booking as it is always full love their truffle special menu a must try is he gnocchi truffles this was the restaurant that finally converted me to loving olives, prior to that i hated them with a passion.  aside from that i rathered enjoyed my time here. the service was great and i got myself a nice italian wine. the dcor in here is wild with a acid trip lsd swag but i think that adds to the charm of the restaurant. i went during december so i'm not sure if it was suppose to be christmas decorations?i got myself the lobster risotto and mt friend got the fettuccine. both plates were good and i left a happy camper. for a person from milan it's like opening a door and finding yourself at home... i went for dinner with two friends and we had some olives and parmesan to warm up and fish ad main (shallots with bread crumbs and pescatrice - both delicious!) coffee is also good! some limoncello and chiacchiere (typical carnival italian pastry)... i would definitely recommend this place!! i was really looking forward to trying this spot with a great location near harrods i was expecting a lot. the place was filled at 9:30 and all the servers were italian made me think it was even more authentic. i was greatly mistaken! the food was so basic and very low quality and fines put into the dieshes. the pastas were all bland (we got the alfredo and puttanesca) i would not ever recommend this to someone. the service was excellent hence my rating. the best spaghetti carbonara around!!! my favorite restaurant in london. everything i've had has been amazing great food - on spot, materiel really fresh. love the risotto signor sassi, very delicious; desert is amazing service is a bit on the slow side - but waiters are really nice and funnyp.s great location - just across the street of harrods a delightful respitewe found this little gem on a side alley across the street from harrods. i ordered the grilled salmon with dill sauce and sauted spinach. it was perfect! my daughter ordered the fagoli soup and the eggplant rotini. it too was delicious. the service was efficient and quite "city"'like, not overly friendly. the receptionist on the other hand was warm and gracious. an added treat was the galani they served as a final treat. the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere very inviting. nice food. but after placing the order, we waited for nearly 1 hour to get our starter. they said there's someting wrong with their computer but other tables all get their food on time quaint place, great customer service with delicious food! it is a lovely little hideaway. came here for lunch upon recommendation from a friend who ate here a couple years ago. looked like a solid choice from the outside because it was packed full of people. we went in an were greeted by a friendly host who took our coats and seated us. the menu here is quite extensive, but we finally made some solid choices. we started with the antipasto romano which came with traditional roman antipasti of salami, parma ham, artichoke, olives and fried pecorino cheese. can't go wrong with this. for mains, we ordered a meat pasta and fried calamari, scallops, etc. i wasn't too impressed with the pasta (sorry, the name of it escapes me). of course, the fried seafood mix was very good. service was lacking here. they were very slow with bringing out water, bread, the food. although signor sassi is a decent place for italian, there are many more places i'd rather go to. amazing food ! finally found a place where the staff is trained for, and know what they are doing. experienced staff excellent classic italian food in the center of london! definitely recommend as it will not disappoint. i would not recommend it high price and less welcoming and responding reception and the food less than averege great authentic italian food! this little gem is tucked away in an alley and was a little difficult to find. however, once in, you are greeted by warm staff members who take your coat right away. the food was delicious. nothing was over-cooked or anything. the calamari particularly was delicious. the ravioli dishes that we tried were also excellent and full of flavor. the lobster sauce was beyond amazing. would definitely come back here all around, excellent food. i would come back in a heartbeat. great italian food in the heart of london. thank you for being a great host carman. best spaghetti!!! the tomato sauce is soo good. i was surprised i liked the lobster spaghetti and prawn spaghetti (spicy w/capers) as much as i did since i've liked both less as i've gotten older for some reason. the waiter mentioned the chef was using (i think) marzano tomatoes which are evidently the best. fantastic service, too. they are old-school italians and make you feel at home! amazing location with an outstanding food. service is good and quick, i never tried it for lunch (not sure if they do). dinners are always booked so make sure to suit your self!seafood are quite taste and starts as usual are perfect. superb food!!! extremely lively place and great service!!! best spagetti ali olio with chilli oul!!! chicken was so flavourful - tasted all the lime, spices and olive oil at the same time, super tender even though it was chicken breast.a lot of fresh seafood just sitting on top of a huge bucket of ice by the front door - how cool!desserts were really good too - tiramisu had strong hints of coffee, yum and the profiteroles were so good. so was the chocolate mousse and the blueberry gelato.pretty crowded in here though so if you're looking for a quiet place, this is more of a loud crowd with people speaking in italian and waiters looking like they're straight out of an italian painting - moustaches and all haha a group ofus decided to try signor sassi and i have to say it was the perfect place.the food was exquisite, service was very friendly and helpful and theatmosphere was exactly right for us. all of our dishes were very tasty andpresented well. great evening! the food was very good. the atmosphere was fun and crowded. make sure you look over the bill carefully, they charged us for things we didn't order and charged full price for half orders. added up to 50 pounds to the bill. would i go back? probably, but be alert food excellent... loud yet friendly atmosphere. attentive service. a bit hard to find, but enough off the beaten path that not too touristy although just across from harrods. previously run and i believe owned by mario of scalini fame, this restaurant is tucked away of a fairly grubby side street of knightsbridge but it one of the best. it has a loyal fan base and is used a lot by italian families and a fair share of celebrities and sports stars - just look at the pictures on the walls. a very well tried and tested formula that a)works and b) is very good and c)good value for money.menu doesn't change but it is that good that it shouldn't and a warm welcome is always assured. food is typically italian and i have never had anything like a bad meal in there, in fact it has always been top quality. waiters are always happy and they sign a lot which is always funny and adds to a great lunch or dinner. please make the time to go and eat here, it really is good. so i have one week left in london, and i'm trying to clear out my bookmarks! my friend ck has been raving about the lobster spaghetti since i've been here, and we finally made it a point to go before my return to the states.the lobster spaghetti was amazing, and we also had the spicy spaghetti w/ prawns. both were fab, and i scarfed it down. even the signor sassi salad was delicious. so why the 4 stars? service here is odd. the guy taking our order was pretty rude, and then we had an overly attentive and flirtatious waiter. it definitely made for an interesting experience. the food here is always good italian food. nothing that will blow away your tastebuds, but good. the pasta is always spot on.the desserts, unfortunately, are not of the same standard as the starters and mains. so perhaps having dessert somewhere else is a good idea (if dessert is as important to you as it is to me!)also, the service here leaves alot to be desired. the restaurant has a friendly staff and a good atmosphere, especially for dinners. found this place tucked in an alley while trying to get away from the crowds near harrods. very good service, and above par food. they had a black currant sorbet that was outstanding. pricey and can be crowded. pricey, but then again everything in london is. the worst service i have ever experienced. had to wait 15 minutes before anyone came to the table. actually threw the forks and knives at us. rude waiters. would never recommend or go back food was good & fresh.service was sarcastic but on top of things.prices are decent but can be on the high end.reservations are a good idea.will definitely go back to try other items on the menu. the atmosphere was nice, but overall i didn't get a sense that we were welcome there. when i asked about what was a good pasta, they recommended the most expensive dishes on the menu. i have friends that have gone here and loved it, but i just didn't have the same experience. i will say that the dish i had was outstanding, but i felt we were cramped in the corner of the restaurant.	1	0	1	0	0
 sometimes, you just go to a place and instantly fall in love. i fell in love with yoobi, and i still think about it today.in the middle of soho, i walked past this strange place a few times. hand rolled sushi? why?being a sushi-vore, my friend martina and i decided it was definitely worth giving it a go.the place is cosy and clean, and most of the dishes are prepared in front of you at the work station.their speciality is hand rolled sushi. you chose the filling, you chose the format, and you enjoy. they recommend 2 rolls if you're hungry, 3 if you're starving. i went for 2.i stayed relatively traditional: one with tuna and avocado, another one with salmon. and some green tea mochi for desert. it did not disappoint.the fish was super fresh, and the recipe just worked. the rice was not crunchy, and perfectly seasoned.om. nom. nom.perfect lunch. when can we go back? used to go here all the time when i was staying nearby. came back for a quick, early dinner and was pretty excited even though there were only two other people there (sitting together). walked up to the counter to order, and they told me to have a seat. 5-10 minutes later after watching the 5 staff members ignore me, i gave up and left. super disappointing. yoobi has become one of my favorite takeout places in london. i've had quite a few of their cones recently, as deliveroo has had a free delivery deal going on with yoobi for the last few weeks.it's definitely non-traditional temaki, with inclusions like croutons, lemon, and lettuce into their sushi cones, but the flavours come together very nicely! the citrus salmon and the spicy tuna temakis have been my favorites thus far, although the scottish salmon is really tasty as well. it's also nice to see that the fish they use is all sustainably sourced!will continue to order from yoobi in the future. if, like me, you think that tips should go to the people that earn them, i.e. the staff, then please do not eat at this restaurant. it is a disgrace that restaurants add 15% for service and simply take the money as a way to improve sales.i feel bad for the staff who clearly are embarrassed to answer the question "does the service go to you and your colleagues" given the answer is no.the only way that restaurateurs will learn that this is a highly unethical practice is when customers boycott their restaurants until they change. quite a few large chains have stopped stealing tips as a result. if they don't change, they deserve to go out of business as customers stop spending their money at places who rip off the customer and rip off their employees.please do not eat at this restaurant until the owners publicly state they have changed their policy and staff will get the service charge that is added to the bill. the owners should also apologise and back pay their employees. the experience has left me pretty sure i won't be back. mainly it's down to very poor service, forgetful and absent minded. that is very surprising as the place was rather empty and the staff were not busy at all. we ordered two hand rolls and sashimi. the two hand rolls were brought over with no napkins, wasabi etc. these are small portions and go down quickly. after waiting a while we asked where the sashimi was. a little later, we were served with food that we didn't order. that was then taken away. finally about 40 minutes after initially ordering (food that requires no cooking), we got the sashimi and the two hand rolls (again!!!). the wasabi and dipping bowls came later, in a reverse of the regular order of the universe. after complaining to the manager he apologised and discounted the bill so i'm giving it two stars for trying to correct their errors. still i would rather they train their staff to pay attention to orders. the food is fresh but expensive for the small quantity you get. went to yoobi for after work dinner and it was pretty good but not amazing.yoobi serves typical western style sushi with combinations such as spicy tuna and crab california. you can choose to have them as either hand rolls or as sushi rolls (which will cost ~1.50 more).surprisingly the hand rolls are much nicer than the typical sushi rolls. another surprise was that the fish served on the sushi was freezing! i know sushi should be served cold.. but not thaaat cold! the mochi ice cream balls we had for dessert were also frozen solid.other than that there weren't that many other faults (although service could be quicker and friendlier).although i wouldn't rave about it i would probably go back because the flavours are there and it isn't crazy expensive. it's a nice gimmick overall, the fish is of good quality. the nori could be fresher, but for this cheap you really can't complain. it's also nice to hang around after you're done, which is more than can be said for other cheap sushis in london. a western style sushi place good for casual lunch or dinner. the space is huge but menu is quite limited and they don't serve alcohol (major let down!) between the two of us we ordered two sets of makis and three temakis with mochi dessert at the end and it came to 45. if you're looking for real sushi this isn't the place but it's good for casual meal. if you're walking around in the soho area and are feeling peckish, this place is great for a snack. handrolls really hit the spot and they've got some nice creative combos. a couple handrolls can make you more hungry and they'll add up in price so beware - you might as well go for a proper meal if you have more than a couple.service is good as the server was really attentive. nice ambiance and great location right in the heart of soho. 4 stars instead of 5 as the handrolls could be cheaper. a year on and my review needs an update!i come here as often as i can. this is not as often as i would like to. if i could eat here a couple times a week, i would. yoobi is my favorite!they've started offering table service in the evening which is sometimes a bit awkward, but generally pretty good. the food remains, as ever, delicious. 20 hour cured salmon with the pear slices = delightful. my standard order is some variation including the spicy tuna (which, depending on who mixed up the spicy sauce on that day can be warmly spicy or blow your head off awesome) and the citrus salmon. citrus salmon is decidedly my favorite temaki offering. it's bright and fresh and light and just delicious. i have once had the special king crab california roll temaki, and it was super yummy, but that one is just a touch pricey for my wallet to be eating on regular basis when i am perfectly happy with the amazing salmon options.giant handrolls, friendly service, and it's easy to fill up a stamp card if you come even sort-of often! so so good. well, it is an ok place, not mind blowing but good in a healthy way. spicy tuna cone with seasonal veggies and citrus salmon were my favorites. crunchy tiger prawns are not fried but interestingly fresh crunchy. service pretty good and fast. i think i need fancier sushi than this. tried today for the first time, and have to say this is *the* perfect lunch spot in soho. tucked away in a tiny alley, we went at 12 so it was fairly empty still, though a few tables were occupied. it has a modern, fresh and colourful dcor and tiny tables. it's quiet, in a nice way. they specialise in temaki rolls, but you can chose your base option (3 types of salmon, tuna, veggie options, etc.) and then pick between temaki or maki rolls, if sushi-cones aren't your thing. i've ordered a citrus salmon temaki (delicious, also topped with tiny croutons), a seasonal miso soup and a set of salmon sashimi. the temaki and the miso soup were the best i've had in a long time, though the sashimi was fridge-cold which is really the only fault i could think of about this place. paid just over 10 for everything. definitely will be coming back. simple yet satisfying, yoobi is the type of eaterie that i wish i worked next to; for their signature temaki rolls are a good value and charismatic treat that i could easily gobble up. food is served quick, clean, appealing to look at and super easy to consume. i had the spicy tuna temaki roll as was specifically recommended by a friend. the seaweed roll was noticeably crispy and fresh in taste and texture and it is well balanced with the quantity of its sticky rice and tuna contents. there is a spicy sauce that gives the roll it's 'kick' (thankfully not wasabi). i also tried the tiger prawns and yellowtail maki rolls, which were beautifully put together with chilli flakes or black seeds evenly sprinkled around each roll. with these i found the filling itself to be a bit lacking in flavour and substance but they were still pleasant bites, especially alongside the traditional soy sauce and wasabi combination with a small side of pickled ginger.the drinks were uniquely authentic too, as the aloe vera with honey drink is from a taiwanese bottle and is refreshing with a the usual aloe vera bits but no unnecessary addition of sugar whilst the guava juice seems freshly bottled with a subtle guava pulp.in short yoobi is more simple than plain and more noteworthy than forgettable; a decent place to visit for a quick japanese pit-stop. i do wish it had a bit more variety on the menu but what it does offer is commendable. i would rate it 3.5 stars if i could. this place has good food, the service isn't the best though. i had to ask for things i ordered, they didn't hear my order. i mean they're accommodating but it's annoying and almost embarrassing for me. other wise the service being a miss and hit at times, the food is amazing. i would highly recommend for take out! i ordered the sun-kissed tomato maki and edamame. it's been over half an hour and still no sign of my maki roll. and there's literally 3 customers in the restaurant right now. they served my food after reminding the waitress that it's been half an hour, only to find a hair in the roll. really disappointed. :/ i can imagine it'd be good for lunch but we went for dinner and it didn't really fit the bill.the sushi on offer is pretty good (but also pretty expensive) with a range of adventureness depending on how niche you like your sushi.the lack of alcohol and the cafe ambience does make it feel a little odd in the evening and there are places with better sushi (and less novelty) in soho for lunch so i'm not sure if i'd go back again. very ok sushi. would not be my first choice but the quality of fish wasn't bad. the menu and way of ordering felt a little too "fast food" for being a sit down restaurant. first off, they put broccoli in the miso soup. huh? very weird and somewhat off putting. don't get me wrong, i love broccoli, but in miso soup? not the right taste/texture combination. the edamame had so much salt on it that i had almost a full plate of salt left over after shaking off all the edamame beans onto it. great quick sushi place for lunch. service wasn't the best, but the sushi rolls were great. for the location and price i'll for sure be back! a bit expensive as the portions are not really big. taste is modern, not traditional recipes at all.was good but not exceptional. service was fast as we arrived before the crowd i really love yoobi. don't expect sushi rolls or nigiri in the traditional sense though, the attraction of yoobi is their speciality: brazilian-influenced hand rolls.done up in seaweed cones full of rice and awesomeness, each temaki i have tried has been perfect. spicy tuna has a great level of heat. citrus salmon is my favourite, with a wonderfully zingy mayo blending with the fresh fish and crunch from croutons and green-as-can-be salad. i've also tried the 20-hour cured salmon, which includes some asian pear to really add some freshness and texture, making it quite distinctive from the other dishes. you can get the same menu in roll-form if you so please, but i prefer to leave that style for the traditional japanese delicacies; besides the temaki feels a bit different.yoobi also does sashimi boxes as well as simple desserts, sides, and soups; though i am yet to sample any of these. they have brazilian "guarana antarctica" in cans if you feel the need for a caffeine hit whilst you're in there; otherwise the usual drinks are available on top of a help-yourself water station.with 3 categories of temaki each containing varying levels of complexity, it's easy to pick out the items you want. service is friendly and food comes quick, and in a handy container if you order take-out. if you're sitting in, the restaurant has a lovely light feel to it; given the casual nature of the food and the service, it really fits. yoobi is a little out of my price-range for lunch, as i tend to be hungry enough for 3 rolls, which will cost you around 10 depending on your order. still, it is good value, tasty, and different, which can only be applauded! came for a dinner within a group of 4 at 7:30. no reso, no problem. the place is empty, not sure if thats a good thing or bad sign but oh well. its a hand roll place, so if you want regular sushi bites you can have that too but its a little bit more expensive. 9.00 (regular sushi bites) vs. 6 (hand roll). i had the spicy yellow tail and it rocked my world so i had to have 2. yes 2. don't judge me. i was hungry. plus the unagi special roll. yum town. i tried someones veggie soup and i gotta say, holy crap that was good. miso soup but with a lot of veggies and tofu. it was really lovely. they have a lovely lemongrass and ginger infusion tea concoction that was really nice. great service, plenty of space, great for last minute plans for a group. the food was really lovely. yoobi yoobi yoobi!!i came friday to satisfy a rather serious sushi craving that i had. hadnt heard of yoobi before but reviews were pretty good so figured it could only be a good experience :)yoobi's thing is their temaki, which i had had (and made :-d) before but never a lot of. the flavours were good, and as you may know, i looooove myself some sushi on any night ending in a '-y'. i kinda preferred the maki which all their temaki comes alternatively in because you can share it, but everything was still really good.my only bugbear was that perhaps the rice was overcooked(?) because it was a little too "squidgy",but heir miso was wonderful and i can see myself coming back :)staff were friendly and i loved the presentation of everything. as kryten says, the first bite is with the eye. the food was awesome but the service was very disappointing! our waiter gave our sushi to the people who has just ordered sitting next to us (by accident). once we asked him and told him we'd been waiting for a long time, he just tried to cover it up. if he admitted to it and said sorry, it would have been fine, but instead he ignores us and never even filled up our water glasses! i'm not sure if this restaurant even has specific waiters for each table- maybe if it was a bit more organised it would run a bit smoother...we felt very discouraged to go back here, which is a bummer since the food is good! this place was fabulous! i absolutely loved the set up of the menu where you have the option of having your sushi in a cone or in a roll, then pick the kind of fish you want depending on seasonal sets. i ordered a spicy vegetable miso soup which was great to start off with. then i went on to order a sun dried tomato and cream cheese sushi cone, then a smoked salmon rice cone. both of them were incredibly fresh and were made to order. i would definitely return to this place as it was quick, cheap, and delicious. they also deliver which is dangerous because i am always going to be tempted to order sushi! great food for a good price. worth it!very cozy space not a tourist place. the service is great. nothing to complain.a gem right in the midlle of london i am beaming with gladness to have found yoobi to satiate my sushi cravings. since my first visit i seem to find an excuse to go back or have my husband pick up some takeaway. their menu is not extensive but a good variety. the food is simple, fresh, delicious and made to order. my personal favorites so far are the citrus salmon and the crunchy prawn temakis. i enjoy the tangy taste and crunch combination of citrus salmon but i also find the spicy kick on the prawn temaki irresistible.aside from the food, i am also a fan of the business setting: modern, minimalistic, simple and practical decor. having the wash sink in the dining vicinity to wash your hands before devouring the mouth watering temakis is a brilliant idea.cant wait to go back for more sushi goodness. the sushi is amazing here and the seasonal miso soup is super yummy!the staff is very polite and helpful.really nice place with a great atmosphere!would recommend to everyone! :) food of love. had the citrus salmon temaki and special el smoky chipotle (tuna) both with rice. excellent taste. service is very good, interesting this is the most european group of sushi chefs i've ever seen. music and atmosphere is quite relaxing. yoobi is one of those places that i am always tempted to pop in and get something quick whenever i find myself down lexington st, usually to turn a corner onto beak street for a fernandez & wells coffee, or is it soho grind these days? i can't decide.yesterday was exactly one of those days. decided to have a pre-dinner meal, as you do. i ordered the fresh wasabi tuna, citrus salmon, tuna tartare and salmon sashimi. all were a-ok, it wasn't phenomenal by any stretch, but it eased the craving, even if just a little and their flavours do work together very well. their ingredients are fresh, from what i can tell. no complaints.except one. there's always a complaint. haha. the soya sauce, i don't know why and how people source this soya sauce, but it's the same one that they serve in your m&s sushi or any wretched sushi, it's a heavy soya sauce which is too salty and leaves a slight bitter taste. stop it, please. it kills anything and everything good. the temaki is sufficiently flavoured and so i don't use it for that, but it ruined the sashimi for me. =( ok, so since first trying this place nearly 6 months ago, i've been back quite a few more times and i just love it. it's definitely the best place to get something quick and yummy. lately i've been in the area a lot - shopping nearby in covent garden or oxford st, milling around leicester sq or waiting to watch a show in the west end, and i keep telling myself to go somewhere else, try something new, but i always end up at yoobi.my fave is the citrus salmon temaki, which has a bit of a crunch to it. i've also had the 20-hour cured salmon and some of the specials - the philadelphia and the king crab - all good choices. and now, they also have mochi ice cream dessert! they list about 20 different flavours, and when we were there, they were sadly out of most of them, but the toasted sesame and frozen yogurt ones that i did have were delicious. a bit small for what you pay for, but good nonetheless.	1	1	1	0	0
 this was our first meal in london.the service was pretty good. the place is clean as well. it was decently packed and our food came out very quickly.we ordered fried rice and beef noodles and both were delicious! found this restaurant on yelp and gave it a try as it was near the tube stop we needed. great chinese food at a reasonable price!! loved their jasmine tea and the spicy prawn dish (w okra) - i can't remember the name. also enjoyed the fish in thai sauce and the mixed vegetables. authentic singaporean food! i was so excited to find his place online before our london trip- my mother is singaporean and i've spent my entire life visiting the country and of course, eating the food. having dinner here was like being transported back to the local hawker center- the only exception was the price (12 pounds de for chicken rice vs 3 dollars in singapore....but that's london for you). get the chicken rice and the crispy duck and i'm going back again tomorrow so i'll have more recommendations then! came here at 4pm after a long business meeting and for greeted with a warm welcome by eva.she proposed the express lunch formula which is priced at 8,90. good value for the price.i was served quickly a soup of the day, very tasty.then my main dish arrived quickly too. it was sweet and sour pork with fried egg rice. it was delicious and satisfied my hunger.eva was very nice and served me with a smile and politeness.i asked for the wifi which was free of access and password-free and fast, which is super convenient !the atmosphere was calm and relaxed. i appreciate the venue and the laid-back impression i had.i finished my meal with a simple vanilla ice-cream.i am pleased by my visit and the quality of the service as well as the food.i thus strongly recommend this place! bugis street drums up traditional singaporean fare like it's namesake - a popular shopping street in singapore. we stopped in for dinner on a weeknight and were not disappointed. the fish sambal and veggie fried rice were spot on. the sambal was made with tilapia and had the right amount of spices to make it flavorful without being too fiery. the husband also got a small portion of the crispy duck that was served with cucumber, spring onions, pancakes & hoi-sin sauce. he found the duck to be a little chewy and dry, but liked the pancakes. the prices are very reasonable, between 9-13 gbp for each dish and portions are generous. the service was quick and efficient.**update:we went back again for a quick lunch and the ah-sam prawns were unbelievably good. a fiery red curry it tasted amazing with plain white rice. we also got a side of schwezan okras and they were crunch and tasty. over all a stellar meal. boo me, i caught a cold the day prior to coming to london. my taste buds are too numb to enjoy british cuisine, so i sought out the spiciest broth near my hotel. bsb delivered on the spice-level its spicy laksa! the first spoonful was spicy enough to induce a cough. but the spiciness was somehow balanced out by the coconut base that i couldn't stop eating. the dish just got better with each spoonful, which says a lot considering the inability to taste anything due to the cold.service was attentive and quick. i looked around and saw many tantalizing dishes, so i would definitely return. i have to say, it is far more better than what i expect. if you are looking for southeast asian food, this place won't disappoint you. the hainanese chicken rice here is awesome. the environment is pretty enjoyable too. i will certainly come back. we went and got take out. the singapore laksa opened my stuffy nose, egg fried rice was amazingly full of wok flavor. beef with ginger and scallions and special monk vegetables were both very flavorful. loved every single dish! really good chinese and singaporean dining, fairly casual in this chi chi part of london. good south east asian food! love the hot and sour soup, always get this when it's on the menu. the one here is just the right amount of hot and sour! me likeythen had the malaysian curry chicken, which was nice, creamy and spicy. taiwanese chicken hot pot which is their chef recommendation was nice, but didn't taste very special. the white cabbage vegetable dish was simple but very yummy. a very satisfying lunch, and portions are a good size too. definitely be back here if i'm in the area came here at 8pm mid-week for dinner and we were seated right away. our waiters were both patient and accommodating while we decided on our orders. eventually, we decided on sweet and sour chicken, stir fried beef with ginger, and egg fried rice. all were delicious, but the chicken was phenomenal! my father thoroughly enjoyed his sake and my mom and i loved our jasmine tea! highly recommend, especially if you're staying at a nearby hotel. it's a little off the beaten path of cromwell and gloucester road (part of the millenium hotel), but my oh my was it worth it! the best singaporean restaurant i have tried in london by far. the price was very reasonable and cheaper than anticipated considering it is part of the millenium copthorne hotel. the decor will take you back to old singapore (30-40) years back, but it still feels modern. i only wish it was as cheap as the hawker centres and food halls in singapore. authentic singaporean/malaysian food, and its a bit of a hidden gem in south kensington! surprisingly very good for a hotel restaurant, and very reasonable prices too.go to for the nasi lemak or curry laksa - both great choices! myself and 3 friends went there for an early dinner and were greeted by a waiter. we were sat immediately. there was one other person in the restaurant, with every other table empty. we went to sit at a round table and were told that was a table for six. so we moved to a table for 4 and proceeded to wait for 20 minutes for the waiter to come back. we went to order drinks and were told that he couldn't make drinks that he was the only waiter on duty. now i get serving 2 tables, 5 people is a lot of work. but with a full bar sitting there it didn't make sense. the food was good to okay, nothing special. i would never eat there again! great restaurant and have been a regular customer here for the last 5 years or more. i have had most of the singaporean/malaysian dishes excluding those that contain pork and not once have i been disappointed with the food. personal favorites are nasi lemak (love the deep fried anchovies and the curry chicken is sumptuous), great mee goreng, chicken kung po and just love the laksi soup to keep me warm on a cold day! it's great that they provide adobo type nuts as a complimentary during the dinner menu. finally for those with a sweet tooth the gula melaka sago pudding makes for a great ending. very nice. prices are reasonable and makes value for money. great service most of the time. go check it out! authentic food that is absolutely delicious. this little restaurant is tucked away in a corner and could easily be overlooked but it's worth a visit. there's not much ambiance to speak of but the food more than makes up for it. came into town and hit a gem. i personally like fried rice and they offer a few varieties. i tried the chicken fried rice and it was very good. could of been a little stickier to use with chop sticks. the roast duck was tasty, great taste and very moist. loved it. sweet and sour pork was also tasty with a variety of veggies. stir fry duck also was good. i particularly liked the mushroom and chicken with bamboo shoots. the sauce was light in flavour and the chicken again was moist. i would recommend this to anyone. most meals are 7-13. none of the meals come with rice. this is added on if you want it. 3 for white rice and up to 7 for fried varieties. ummm, this is more like a 2.5* but i'm feeling generous today. i'm sporean....but i have low expectations in the western world. the laksa was ok. not very tasty. weird noodlesthe chicken rice...chicken was quite tasty. the rice was all wrong. not flavorful enough. bahsalt & pepper squid...pass actually writing a review for the kensington high street restaurant - didn't realize it was a chain until yelping it!just around the corner from the kensington high street tube station and tucked away in the copthorne tara hotel. even though it's off the beaten path it's frequented by many malaysian and singaporean locals, including flight attendants from malaysia airlines and singapore airlines who stay at the hotel. the interior of the restaurant is nothing special but the staff are generally friendly and courteous. food can be hit or miss. i tend to stay away from the food that you can get at all the chinese restaurants e.g. kung po chicken, beef in black bean sauce and go for the malaysian and singaporean favorites instead.favorite eats include- beef ho fun and seafood ho fun (flat rice noodles). ask for the light gravy (egg drop sauce) instead of the black bean sauce.- singapore laksa (spicy)- crispy aromatic duck (cheaper version of peking duck)- salt and pepper spare ribs bugis street is located in the millennium gloucester hotel, just around the corner from gloucester road tube station. it's described as a singaporean bistro - hmmm, why do they feel the need to use a french dining experience to describe singaporean food?bugis street is a famous tourist area in singapore, which boasts a lot of open-air restaurants.the menu promises much to a south east asian like me, with dishes like ho jien (oyster omelette) and hokkien mee (braised thick egg noodles with seafood pork & vegetables) reminding me of the many open air hawker (street vendor) eating venues back home.unfortunately, in its translation to london, the spicing has lost some of its kick and definition, perhaps to cater for the more international mix of clientele staying at the hotel.however, what pulls it up to 4 star status is a great value lunch buffet available everyday of the week.not as good as the original bugis street but worth a visit didn't expect to find a singaporean restaurant embedded into a multinational hotel chain in london, but it seems that plenty of singaporeans have, as bugis street was nearly full on friday lunch and lots of people were ending their sentences with '...la.'however, i'm torn as to whether the large numbers of sins at bugis is to do with the quality of the food or the great value of the lunch menus - because it's not both as the two seemed to be mutually exclusive from what i saw and tasted.my hainanese chicken rice was a 4 out of 5 for one the dishes of world cuisine that i really love, but this great bit of lunch was not on the super-cheap lunch deal menu which instead was dominated by turgid dishes like sichuan beef in glossy gravy on clumpy white rice.a neighbour did have an awesome looking bowl of spicy soup though. i've never had singaporean food before so i didn't know what to expect. i was delighted at the friendly and fast service. the food was fantastic. i ordered a spicy noodle with seafood and some chinese tea. i was surprised by the portion of the tea for one, as normally i have to order 2 pots for myself, but this was a sufficient portion for me. a very nice restaurant. this is a fairly decent representation of the food in singapore. they have you regular favourites like laksa, mee goreng, sambal prawns (that is a malay dish of course) and coupled with chinese dishes.we were a larger group so we ordered a combo of dishes most of the singapore/malay dishes were decent. the chinese dishes not so much. i had the singapore sling but it was not what i expected. for a group of 7 we ended up almost 20-25 quids per person and we had a lot of left over food. they do you have a buffet brunch on the weekend and i would like to try that out on the next visit. looking for authentic good singaporean cuisine in london? look no further than bugis street! tucked away in a hotel in gloucester road, you will find it full of singaporeans, which can only be a good thing! chicken rice and the peking duck is amazing! hokkien rice was only so-so. tastecard gives 50% off. i will definitely come back as i'm craving some nasi lemak!!! after three days in the british capital of many french style sandwiches and fish n chips i was really craving for a full sit down meal with lots of veggies and rice. i've been walking around this neighborhood for a few days now but never saw this singapore style restaurant. i found it on yelp and i am glad i gave it a try. the restaurant is tucked away from most of the restaurants of the area on the ground floor of a hotel. service was very good, i have never been so un-rushed in and asian restaurant before. the person that took my order i think was the manager and my food was brought out by a server. i ordered stir fried beef with gingers, scallions and snow peas. stir fried mix veggie and a side of steam rice. the dishes were very good and very tasty. if you are traveling to london and is staying in this area of south kensington and are looking for an asian flare, i highly recommend this restaurant. my dinner came out to about 23 including jasmine hot tea, but i did ordered enough food for two person. bugis street is named after a well-known, formaly-infamous, now-touristy street in singapore. on my first trip to london with my parents, we saw a poster advertising the restaurant in the lift of a tube station (probably kensington). we're originally from singapore but haven't lived there for many years. one common refrain you'll here from people in our situation is how much we miss the food. so any chance we get to try a singaporean/malaysian restaurant, we pounce on it.the dishes we ordered were good, and authentic. there were some not-so-authentic-looking dishes on the menu, so you kind of have to know what to order. we tried one of two other singaporean places that trip, and this was the best. the experience was a little more refined due to being in a hotel, and he prices were marked up accordingly. if you're in the area, i say this is a good place to go for a singaporean food fix, and even to go back to. if london is your oyster, there are other places that give you better value for money (c&r for the singaporean/malaysian/other asian mix; satay house for strictly malaysian cuisine). after all, singaporean food is street food and hawker centers, not haute couture. although this is a chinese restaurant it takes its inspiration from singapore which introduces some interesting malay influences, resulting in some more spicy dishes than your usual chinese place. the decor is a little on the functional side (echoing the singaporean hawker stalls) and the atmosphere makes this restaurant a good place to get a good quality meal fairly fast, rather than a place where you might pass a few hours. the food is prepared to a high standard and served in good-sized portions with a varied menu that includes most chinese restaurant favourites with a few more exotic malay dishes. having been here quite a few times i have found the service can vary from friendly and welcoming to slightly surly, although that would not put me off going back as the food has never disappointed. note that there are good value weekday lunches, and an excellent sunday lunch buffet that was about 8 per person last time i went. also, take-away orders get a 10% discount (and don't have to take a gamble with the service!). the singapore laksa and nasi lemak are my favourites. the curiously named bugis street brasserie is a cantonese singaporean bistro and is part of the millennium gloucester hotel with the entrance on the corner of the building opposite the holiday inn kensington forum. the interior is ok, with a slightly odd mixture of modern and old: empty gilded bird-cages hang over the bar, the tables are marble, the floor is tiled and the chairs are old-fashioned and wooden. the service was disappointing: i was met and seated quickly, but it was then ages before they took my order for food or drink. the menu is a mixture of chinese (cantonese) and singaporean food and sounded nice. i ordered salt & pepper ribs (5.25), followed by crispy duck. curiously rather than arriving in that order, and separately, they arrived in the opposite order and separated by about one minute. the ribs were small, and very strongly flavoured. lots of garlic, both crushed and thinly sliced, plus crushed and sliced chillies dominated the flavour of the dish, perhaps too strongly for some but i did enjoy it. i was glad that i was on my own that evening because i suspect my breath could probably have stopped traffic at 50 yards! the crispy duck (9.50) was very good: there is something about the theatre of making up the pancake, sauce, duck, cucumber and spring onion mixture that i always enjoy. for the main meal i went for fried noodle with chicken (6.50) and sizzling beef (9.50). once again the food was highly flavoured, but could perhaps benefit from being more subtle. i washed it down with a couple of bottles of chinese tsingtao beer (3.60). overall i enjoyed my meal but the service was disappointing, and the food somehow seemed over spiced, which is odd for a chinese meal. i will go back again sometime, and it will be interesting to see if my opinion of it changes. good taste of home! my friends and i are malaysians. we had the seafood ho fun, nasi lemak and penang char keoy teow. not the best i've had, but definitely two thumbs up for a good fix!	1	0	1	0	0
 second time lucky and i made it here and managed to get a table!! yippee!!! yes this place is that popular and rightly so! it's fricking incredible! easily one of the best burgers i've had in london... so what did i eat.. well it was like something out of a dream... hot, spicy mexican chicken, tenderly cooked on a fluffy bun, complete with guacamole and salsa.. omg this even exists!!! anyone who knows me, knows i'm a mexican obsessive and this completely hit the spot!! wowwww still in the burger induced coma, as i write.. i obviously got the sweet potato fries.. was kinda in a conundrum whether to get this or the wedges.. goddamit i've been eating loads of sweet potato recently!!! woww did i make the right decision!! crispy, flavoursome and setting the standard!! drinks wise, i was about to be uber boring and get peroni (disclaimer - it's my fave lager - so i can be forgiven) but they'd changed their draft taps and so i was offered some other choices, including a japanese lager which i'd never heard of it. adventure is my middle name, so after a quick sample, i thought why the hell not and of course, it was so tasty! it totally didn't look like a lager, but boy it could compete with any lager i had recently! now by this point, i'm almost, fooded out, but after reading all these reviews crazy hot for the chocolate fondant, who am i to resist? well i have 10 minutes to prepare because they had to freshly make it and damnnnn was it worth the wait!! it was incredible! the smell of the chocolate fondant was incredible and the taste.. even better!! yeaaaaah if you go there and leave with trying the fondant, it'll be the biggest mistake you'll make.. oooh i'm picturing the chocolate oozing out and now i want it all over again!! the service was professional and attentive. however, the wagyu burger was not medium rare as was explicitly recommended in the menu. it was not bad, but not worth the 15 pound price tag for a gourmet burger. went there for lunch with a friend and they had a deal where you can get a burger, side and an unlimited drink for 7.50 from monday-friday.this seems like a rediculously good offer for any kind of substantial/sit down lunch in london, let alone a burger.so i ordered the regular 6oz burger and it was pretty good. decent flavour, nice bun, definintely worth it. i don't think i'd go as far as some other reviewers and say it was one of the best burgers i've had but it ranks reasonably high up the list.as a side i had sweet potato fries which were great. i'm a huge lover of sweet potato fries and these were great. cripsy, tasty and there were a lot of them. nothing worse when you go to a burger place and they don't give you enough fries, happy to say this wasn't the case.i had a coke as a drink and normally i wouldn't go into detail about this because it's just a coke but i'll tie in my point about the staff. they were checking on us and asking if we wanted more drinks etc. really went out of their way to ensure everything was up to par which can't be said for every lunch place on a monday in london. big big props to the staff at the place.my friend had the sliders of the camel, kangaroo and wild boar and enjoyed them. i'll take his word for it since it seems like he knows his food.he also got a side of onion rings which were massive. i mean these are huge but what's great is that there was enough of them (i mean you kind of expect that when you pay 3 for a side but still). i tried one and there were crispy and more-ish.definitely a great lunch spot, would go there again. as i student i was happy i didn't have to fork out 10-15+ on a meal. nice place, it is a bit small though not many tables. it has really big portions and this is coming from someone who eats a lot.i had the salmon salad and it was so yummy. i have a huge statement to make about this place... please make sure you're sitting down.this could quite possibly be the best burger in london!the service was incredible and the owner (i believe) was outstanding.i highly recommend the portuguese burger and any of the deserts! we had empty plates all round! greedy cow is just opposite the mile end underground station. we went in for a sunday dinner after a long walk along the canal all the way from angel.the menu offers quite an exotic selection of meats such as camel, kangaroo and wild boar. we went straight into mains: i had a camel burger with sweet potato chips and my partner went for a japanese beef burger wagyu which is regarded as the best in the world as the cattle is being specially fed with beer and traditionally massaged.according to my partner, the taste was not exceptional, but as for the camel burger, then its red medium cooked meat tasted really good. it went well with the mashed potatoes with cheese as a side which was deliciuos.we finished the meal with their signature dessert chocolate fondant that was really worth it - highly recommended. 5 stars for the food and the concept! there are no words to express how absolutely amazing the food and service is here. 5 stars isn't enough. the food is outstanding and amazing. i've had camel, i've had kangaroo, and i've tried prawns for the first time. the calamari here is some of the best that i've ever had. there is one server here that i greatly appreciate as he seems to care a good deal about customers and makes sure everything gets out quick and efficiently. the chocolate fondant is essentially one of those molten lava cake things, and it takes about ten to fifteen minutes to make, but it is totally worth it. for the first time having something like this, the chocolate actually comes out like liquid lava, smooth and creamy, and the cake is a true delicacy. the server did not lie when he said it is "by far, the best on the menu". i had a cocktail and was surprised by the sheer size of it. the primary issue i have is with a separate server that took forever to bring my change back to the table when i had to give a bill with a greater amount than i owed. other than that, fantastic service and great food, i say give it a shot-i would recommend this place to anyone literally beautiful food!mega busy, but seated almost instantly, this place is a little gem in the tirade of traffic and asbos that comprises the wonderful world of mile end.really recommend getting experimental and trying their mini burger selection, with ostrich/camel/wildboar/crocodile burgers, for a really decent price.puddings are equally lovely, and the staff were fantastic- even got us a little box to take the leftovers home!recommend to anyone in the area, reasonably priced for delicious meaty joy.will be going back again. and again. i've been here twice, once with a reservation, once without. when i had a reservation we were seated and served quickly. when i didn't, they asked us to come back 30 mins later (we did), then waited another 30-40 minutes to be seated. and after that, the service was terrible, we placed our orders straight away, but food took so long that we started inquiring about where it was because it was close to 10pm by that point and we had arrived at 8.perhaps they were having an off friday night. the food was excellent on both occasions (burgers), but i would not go there again without a reservation. i went there a few days ago and grabbed one of their famous burgers with beef. they had special offer for lunch, although it was 4 pm so i saved some money. the burger was thick, juicy and tasty. the beef also tasted good and was very well-cooked. it was filling enough to not think about food for a couple of hours and i would actually come back to eat here again. this place is absolutely amazing!! the food is delicious and the staff is wonderful!!! if i ever come back to london i will definitely come back to this place. good place for the price, atmosphere, and quality of food. i ordered the aged sirloin medium rare...and it was actually cooked medium rare. there was a blast of a bit of salt on the first bite, but as the meat juices all came together, it was just right. my advice is to load up on some sides and appetizers if you come hungry b/c just this order of steak is not enough. others ordered the burgers and burgers w/o buns. looked like good portions and looked delic. next visit i'll get a burger. one of my regular spots for good food and catching up with friends. i really like their special of the day, makes you feel oooh maybe i can try that. lamp chops are brilliant, well done sir. shakes is a must. service is quite efficient and atmosphere is great for any occasion. definite for meat lovers. had the camel burger, and it couldn't have been better. the service was impeccable, warm friendly atmosphere, laid back but upscale at reasonable prices. 4.5/5.0 - will be returning. nice and cozy, the service is excellent, such as the food, i've almost tried all of their burgers, all of them are amazing, so are the homemade wedges. it's kind of a small place so you might have to wait to get a table, but it's worth the time. excellent food and great service at an affordable price.do try their specials!must say the owner / manager always makes you feel welcome. highly recommended. writing this whilst still on a meat high! had a great day at work and when i got home i really fancied a good steak and some chips. being friday night with no reservation anywhere i was doubtful of getting my wish. so i rang up greedy cow anyway to ask what their availability was. i was told that at that moment they had some space, brilliant! we only live down the road so we headed down. when we arrived i was pleasantly surprised that we had a table reserved for us as i was expecting to just be a walk in.the service is excellent here. i ordered a rib eye with chips. our waitress laughed when i informed my other half i would not be sharing any of my chips with him. he ordered the mexican burger with onion rings and of course his own chips. my steak was delicious, rare just how i like it. my husband was very quiet while he devoured his burger, just giving me a firm nod when i asked him what it was like.overall a lovely impromptu friday dinner. dined here on our recent trip to the uk. tiny little hole in the wall, but absolutely fantastic. great service and excellent food. best onion rings i've ever eaten. delicious meal from start to finish! still licking my lips a whole sleep after my experience at greedy cow. i was all like 'you can't come here and not get meat! that's sacrilegious!' but after tasting around the table i might even go as far as saying the veggie burger was the best thing we ordered. i mean, the spicy bean pattie was divine but my friend did pimp it out with halloumi, guacamole and salsa...accidental vegetarianism aside i have to say the mexican beef burger i had was excellent! however, if they think i'm trying a camel burger they've got another thing coming... i have been to the greedy cow about five times now and have always had a really enjoyable evening there. the manager and staff are very attentive and friendly, and the venue is perfect for couples or groups. i particularly like the cow print decor and the picture of the cow on the wall. a great environment for a meal.the food is great! i normally have a burger and chips which are delicious. they have a big selection of burgers, and you can even build your own. if the mood takes you you can try the camel, boar or kangaroo burgers. last night i had the mexican burger which was great! i also had the biggest onion rings that i have ever seen and a vanilla cheesecake that actually made me sad when it was gone. i love the greedy cow and will definitely be back soon. not bad just vegetarian burger fried...i thought you would grill not fry. they have good sweet potatoes fries. customer service is good as well. monday's is 20% for students just make sure you have your student id, any other day is 10% off they're lucky both the location and the qulity of food saved them from a lambasting on this review...okay, it wasn't reallly their fault, as the manager explained later. apparently, a birthday party of 15 people arrived an hour late, pushing everything into chaos. our reservations (and yes, you need to make reservations as this place is tiny) were for 8.45--we finally got seated at 9.10 and food didn't arrive until 9.40. do you know who i am? i don't queue. and i certainly don't wait an hour for food.but....the wagyu burger was pretty epic. ignore the menu, get it medium rare instead of medium. melt.in.mouth. seriously top quality burger.i will abstain from any more comments on service, as it was explained to us as the above...i'll wait til i go again and see if it's still atrocious. an adequate 'gourmet' hamburger joint just by mile end tube station, this restaurant offered respite after a long day of walking around the area and not seeing too much of interest in the culinary sense.the option to have a tuna fillet 'burger' was unique for london, and i was quick to capitalise on it; however, it arrived fully cooked through despite me having ordered it medium-rare. this means one of two things: either the tuna wasn't fresh enough to serve rare or the person cooking it didn't know how to cook tuna properly. however you look at it, it's not good.the chips were tasty, if a bit ho-hum.the home-made still lemonade was nice.the service was a bit weird. we had to knock on the door in order to be allowed in the restaurant, as the door was locked. i found this particularly strange. the server was quick to suggest avocado to top my tuna burger after i asked for a recommendation, but she looked at me as if i were crazy for ordering the guacamole instead. the pop music playing over the bose speakers initially seemed to me an odd choice; the entire album by duffy that began playing shortly after our arrival sort of made me want to do a runner onto grove road, if only the front door hadn't been locked with a key.overall, this is a good place to come if you're looking for a burger in mile end, i guess, but certainly not a place i'd travel any considerable distance for in the future. their 6.99 lunch deal, which consists of a juicy, yet tenderly crispy burger( chicken, beef or veg, but i've only had the chicken and the well done beef) with a side of chips or potato wedges and unlimited refills of soft drinks. this is the perfect lunch or even dinner for a student, like myself! the service is very friendly too. this is officially my favourite place to eat, when i am visiting my boyfriend. since am extremely picky about what i eat, i was so surprised that i picked up my dinner from the first sight! their burgers are simply a m a z i n g! also the wedges - a must try! i took the italian greedy - i am speachless.. really. i had a small fest in my mouth :)))since i was full, i didn't order a dessert, which i regret now, because the chocolate foundant that my boyfriend ordered looked soooo yumy!as i like drinking wine with almost everything(not ver classy, but still, it's called personal taste:)), the don't find my favourite white wine. but i managed to find a substitude ( & i didn't ruin the night with my pretencious taste).it is a charming small place with its own charm. i definitely recommend it if you want to spend a chill night out during the week. i was really excited to discover this place near my home.. a veggie burger! yah! i know they are known for their beef burgers, so i didn't expect to much. i started off with a chocolate shake..i was just craving one. it was good. but of course that meant i couldn't finish my massive burger. i got it with aged cheddar for a topping. it was good, not amazing. i think next time i would get it with some more sauce toppings. the bun was a bit dry which could border line ruin the meal but it was ok. we ordered potato wedges to share and they where good as well. service was excellent.it was a bit pricey. i think they have a lunch special of 6.50.. that sounds more reasonable. there's nowhere else to go for a yummy week night dinner in mile end. i say that partially as a fan of the greedy cow, but also because there is literally nowhere else. it's the kind of place your dad might take you to. slightly '70's decor and loads of burgers on the menu with international flavoured toppings. i always go for the italian (palma ham and mozzarella) without the bun. for the more adventurous sorts there's camel, unicorn and donkey burgers. every time i've been in the service has been better than average for london and they've even made me an iced latte off menu. all in all i think you'll like it. lovely staff but i was not at all impressed by the flavour of the wagyu burger. i've had them at other places and it should be really delicious. i found the greedy cow's version tasted like a frozen burger - the meat was overworked (so that it's like a paste and not chunks of ground meat) and it had a definite "football burger cart" flavour. the spicy wings were okay - small portion but nice marinade. and massive points off for filling heinz bottles with inferior ketchup. generally i was left with the feeling that the greedy cow is simply someone's attempt to cash in on the "gourmet burger craze" and that they are more about novelty (kangaroo, camel etc) than they are about quality. 9-10 for burgers with no sides, 3 for frozen potato wedges etc. not good value by any means. six of us went together and none of us felt happy about it afterwards. was good, thought the veggie burger was a bit boring but being a veggie burger not that surprising :-!good drinks and service was ok although they told my wife the camerbert was vegan! but got a replacement meal done in under 10mins so was happy with that.my friends enjoyed the wagyu burger and said the wings were good.	1	1	1	0	0
 food: 4.8/5 price: 4.8/5 environment: 4/5service: 4/5by far one of the best restaurants that serves cantonese cuisine in london! the food is even better than some of the restaurants in hong kong.their signature dishes, cantonese roast duck and golden sand prawn, were exceptionally good (soo good). i had them few weeks ago with my clients. both dishes had me craving for them in the past few weeks. i ended up going back with my friends, and obviously, they loved them too. most of their other dishes were also good. the menu is huge and i am sure there are many other delicious dishes.chinese restaurants are often associated with bad services, but not in gold mine. most of the staff were very welcoming and friendly (at least the three who served us). another plus was the restaurant is quite spacious, unlike those in china town where you literally have to sit back to back with the table behind you. to sum up, it is now my go-to cantonese restaurant in london. (make sure you book in advance as they are busy all the time) quite possibly the most juicy roast duck and the most tender roast pork in london if not the entire u.k. can be found here.i'm told the owner is malaysia and his version of malaysian curry is excellent. low quality food. we stopped by after a long flight and they stuck my husband and i in a corner - literally facing the wall. they put preference to large groups of 10+ people. the food all had the same syrupy soy sauce. ingredients were low quality or canned. we ordered a bamboo shoot and mushroom dish and it was a plateful of canned mushrooms with a few mushrooms. gross. the total came out to $50 with no drinks. avoid! we came here on our last night in london to try their signature dish - the cantonese roast duck, and it did not disappoint. the whole duck was more than enough for four people to share. i also ordered the sizzling aubergine in spicy sauce, which was cooked well and came in a hot plate. great authentic cantonese food, the duck and roast meats are amazingly juicy. service is typically gruff but efficient. overall, a little better than four seasons to be honest. great chinese food and friendly service. ordered takeaway and had the roast duck over rice and a separate order of gai lan (chinese broccoli) with garlic for lunch. i love roast duck and gai lan, so i had reasonably high expectations and fortunately it did not disappoint. a little surprise bonus was the extra sauce they gave me... i think it was xo or something like it, and it was spicy and the perfect complement to rice! i also heard some of the staff speaking in cantonese so this place is legit. if i lived here i'd be a regular. so many reviews extolling the roast duck at gold mine on yelp, that i had bookmarked it eons ago. for some reason, i'd never eaten here though. (i have lunch in this area every 7-10 days and end up at my default picks for thai or spanish food most of the time)this time i set out determined to eat the roast duck at gold mine and check what the fuss was all about.oh my! that duck was gorgeous! the fat melting in the mouth was like a beautiful piece of pork fat - i've never tasted duck fat like that & at the same time the skin was crispy too and the meat ever so tender.my favourite meat is pork, but the barbecued pork (also good) did not hold a candle to this roast duck! i chose the singapore vermicelli noodles to go with my meal. they were just what i wanted - really thin fine noodles, fried up street food style and just perfect with the fat of that perfect duck. all 3 dishes for 22.i've got to take the family here to try this duck. i was lucky to not have to brave a queue at 2:30pm, but the restaurant was quite full. however, i must say that standing in line would be worth it for this roast duck. just the duck & a side of noodles or rice would be perfect. talking about famous cantonese roast duck. this restaurant has also one of the best cantonese roast duck in london. rumour has it that the chefs from four seasons actually worked here for some time before going back to four seasons again. unsure the reason. dispute??anyway, i have to say the tenderness of the duck here is equal to the one in four seasons. no difference. the difference lies in the ratio of the fat of the duck and the sauce that accompanies the duck. the duck fat here is less compared to four seasons and is more lean. so healthier. that said, who in the right mind would want to eat cantonese roast duck and be healthy. so this is negligible. the sauce which accompanies the duck here however seems to be more to the savoury side compared to the one in four seasons. the one in four seasons is slightly sweeter. i prefer the four seasons slightly sweeter version.i do not see much difference in the duck to be honest. both of them were cooked similarly. the other chinese food here i cannot comment much as i haven't really tried much. but probably a bit slightly better than four seasons. the staff here are also much nicer and more polite compared to the one in four seasons. you expect to be scolded and shouted at in four seasons. to those who cannot stand rude staff and long queues, i would probably recommend gold mine. daughter and i loved the outside menu so we went in...were promptly seated with excellent service. the prices are reasonable and the establishment is clean and well organized. we felt like soup. daughter had the roast duck with noodles soup and i had the shredded duck and vermicelli noodle soup. so much food...we couldn't finish. the soups were good, though slightly bland and greasy...but that's duck. we ended up trading soups. we'd love to come back and try one of the other many dishes offered. a friend of mine took me there two weeks ago. he said they had really good duck, and i was like, oh, well, you know, i've had good duck before. my vietnamese aunt actually makes the best duck in the workd. but sounds cool.but that duck is amazing (almost as good as my aunt's). the place is quite successful so you might have to wait a little bit but it is worth it (i don't say that very often, sadly for someone who lives in london i'm not a huge fan of queuing for food).we shared a 8.50 portion of duck (obviously), some garlic veggies that were just crunchy and savoury and perfect, and some salt and pepper squid - very good but i could never eat a whole plate of that by myself, it's not very light!it is very reasonably priced and even with beers it cost us under 40 for the two of us. i will definitely go back! we went here because my wife was craving "english chineese food" and they had great rating. in the dining area where it was full upon our arrival there where mainly asian customers wich to us was a good sign. we started off by sharing the "crispy aromatic duck" wich is a fried and pulled version of the famous peking duck served also with pancakes, cucumber, scallions and hoi sin. it was crispy and really good in flavors and 1/4 was enough as a starter with 3 pancakes each. then i had the chicken szechuan that i thought was a bit different and felt more like a spicy sweet and sour sauce the szechaun i have had before (yes i have been to china for those wondering). the flavors where ok though but the serving size could have been bigger. the mrs was happy with her chicken in lemonsauce wich i personally felt was bit boring but thats just a matter of opinion. she has had it many times in the u.k and said it was good. the service was fast but without a smile or any "extras". funny reading reviews about the friendly staff when i didnt see a single one of the roughly 6 waiters smile halfhearted in all my meal. hmm ok so we where not there to socialize but it felt abit rushed as they wanted to serve us, get paid and then get some new customers taking our table. dont like to be rushed when im at a restaurant so this also affects my grade. prices "ok" for u.k and the food was ok but i cant say this is a "must go" to place for chineese food in london. roasted duck - goldmine, queenswaygoldmine has been taking over four seasons for london's best roasted duck for the last few years. the ratio of fat and meat was very balanced. the meat was so juicy and tender. compared to other chinese restaurant, goldmine 's sauce is not as sweet but more on the savoury side. you don't feel greasy afterwards. i just don't like the fact that they deboned it great chinese food at an affordable price! conveniently located by bayswater station on the main street.the duck is a must have. delicious and succulent, prepared in the traditional bbq way. we also had the rice crepes which was one of the best i've ever had. short wait for a table but well worth it! authentic cantonese food in paddington.this chinese restaurant is well known for the delicious "peking duck". such a great food!!! totally love it! i recommend all of dim sum and gyoza!!! so delicious and portion sizes are huge ! the staff members are really nice ,helpful and it's just great to come back to this restaurant! whoever said this was the best cantonese restaurant has not been to hong kong or san francisco. the so-called chefs special shredded chicken chow mein was dry, salty and tasteless. wasted 8 on this horrible dish - remove it from the menu. well authentic, except that the service is far too polite to be truly cantonese. had the roast duck, roast pork and a stir fried kailan in oyster sauce. roast duck is tasty - meat was tender and moist, very nice and consistent layer of subcutaneous fat. we opted for a deboned duck, and the chef's deboning skills are excellent - not even a bone fragment. however, skin was not as crispy as we would have liked - just a touch too soft for our preference. roast pork was decent, skin was very crispy and there was a good proportion of fat to meat. however, the meat was just slightly over salted. stir-fried veggie was way over salted. while the veggies were well sauted, the chef just got way too carried away with the oyster sauce. i'm a huge fan of cantonese style roast duck, and i'm blessed to have regular access to really good duck back home. this place definitely isn't the best, but for london i reckon it's as good as it gets. well worth a try if you've never tried cantonese roast duck. delicious dim sum! went to this location for lunch, service was quick and food was superb. the group had the fried duck egg roll and it was excellent. the pork buns are also worth trying. would highly recommend for lunch! conveniently location, fast service, good quality bbq meat (tried the roast duck), in general a very positive experience.i have a feeling i'd be getting a lot of take-away boxes here... if i was a duck, i'd want this place to cook me. took away their roast duck rice last night. there was a perfect duck meat to fat ratio and the sauce was more savoury than sweet - something else that i like a lot. this place is often compared to (sshh) four seasons, just down the road. honestly, i prefer this place. four seasons is great, but their duck is fattier than i'd usually prefer and their sauce is rather sweet as well. the duck skin is crispier at gold mine too. though, which restaurant you prefer probably comes down to personal taste. try both and make your own decision if you can! if not, i'd recommend you eat at gold mine first. they may have the best peking duck in london. v. busy for dinner. ron swason would say "the food is incredible. please eat it. thank you. end of review." simply best cantonese in london. peking duck is as amazing as it can theoretically get - crispy skin, very moderate fat((which is quite rare in chinese restaurants, as most of them have verry fat ducks), and nice sauce.another highlight - shrimps. just wonderful. must try.crispy pork is also very tender and aromatic.the only 2 things which slightly disappointed(compared to those 3 ones above) were sweet-and-sour-soup and beef. the line was long and it took 1 hour to get a table! traditional chinese sharing tables during peak hours if your party is less than 4. the roast duck is delicious and has a good fat to meat ratio. i ordered morning glory vegetables and that was delicious. tofu seafood bowl was good but not amazing. the sizzling beef was okay. overall fast service but they got confused by some dishes that was for the other party we were sharing on the same table. will go back for the roast duck for sure!! and will try their noodle dishes next time! this place does excellent duck off the bone. the interior is clean and pleasant. each dish is good for sharing. the spinach we ordered could have comfortably fed 4-5 people. the curried lamb was quite delicious too, lots of cinnamon and star anise in it. soup was a simple chicken and sweetcorn and there was nothing wrong at all with it.in all, this place is special not because it does anything extremely well, but because it does almost everything right with little fuss. the limited dessert range was disappointing, but it's likely because they were about to close when we wanted to order this. we managed to order a red bean pastry dessert which was probably frozen and a little oily without the normally customary sago pudding dessert.in all, if you're looking for some decent chinese around bayswater and don't want to risk disappointment, then gold mine is the safe bet. there are a lot of cantonese people that eat here. a good sign.otherwise there are plenty of malaysian restaurants around due to the ex-pat community, and the nearby malaysian hall, but the quality of these places aren't close to the cuisine you'd actually find in malaysia. so again chinese here might be the safest bet. we had a great dinner here after a movie at the odoen whiteleys. everything was fresh, flavorful and well enjoyed. highly recommended! outstanding roast duck. these guys are cantonese and know what they're doing.trust me i'm singaporean and have had excellent peking duck in asia. this is comparable to those in asia. worth a try.extremely popular with asians and always crowded. nuff said i heard many great things about this place from my malaysian friends but only came to this place for the first time recently.the roast duck i had lived up to my expectation. i went to heaven for 1s after the first bite. it was soft, juicy and tasted divine. the side dishes which my friend ordered were also great. we had spicy tofu minced pork in a clay pot, stir fry kailan, yummy shrimp dish (not so sure the exact name). a very standard satisfying oriental meal (especially for a international student in london like me)the only minor complain is the service here. but i am willing to look past that since it is such a busy place. in fact, the place was so packed that there was hardly any room to move.and one small tip: there is a place called "tinseltown" near the restaurant. if you still have room for dessert, i suggest you come there and treat yourself another round with ferrero rocher milkshake. i actually even bought giant bubble wand in a pound shop and play with it when i was having my milkshake. (in case you were wondering, yes, conveniently there is also a poundshop from goldmine to tinsel town that sells f*** underwear - you get the idea haha) divine roast duck + milk shake + bubble = perfect night out :) just focus on the boneless roast duck, that the best dish on the menu. saw many taking away the whole duck which cost about 22 pound each somehow, my countrymen have decided to descend on this place in the droves. i was there tonight, and within a 5 minute window, a good friend from singapore and my own cousin walked in right behind each other. (no, they don't know each other, and no, i didn't know they were coming to london). i guess this place passes the asian quota (unlike some ba*a*a tr places i've been to :) - still don't know why people go there). anyway, it is as people say, one of the best places for a good roast duck. always go boneless - it's just easier. don't order the siew yok (pork belly) there are better places for it. but a good combo that is basically my regular order:1. roast duck (boneless)2. aubergine with minced pork3. salt and chili squid 4. pei pa tofu5. an order of green veg stir fried with garlic.boom done. thanks and good night. a tourist in london, yelp really came to the rescue when i had serious chinese food cravings. gold mine did the trick. the restaurant was packed tuesday night with both chinese and non-chinese folks. three of us ordered beijing duck, veggies, and tofu. everything was right on authentic and now i'm drooling just reminicing about it.	1	0	1	0	0
 after dragging my suitcase and carryon all over hackney in 90f weather to get to another vegan place for a late lunch and sadly finding it was closed, i popped into a local pub and was recommended manna for dinner. i had my doubts as i was getting tired and wanted to head out to my lodgings to settle in for the night, and of course i went completely the wrong way when i left the train station (with my 20kg rolling suitcase) but once i got to manna... i was warmly welcomed and seated right away.i ordered a glass of sauvignon blanc and started with the arrancini - before my appetizer arrived, the restaurant started to fill up and another singleton arrived but was almost turned away before i invited him to join my table, so we shared dinner at manna. now i have more things to review! - arrancini - incredible and delicious, the sauce was so good!- polenta tart - i've made polenta plenty but never put it in a pan - this was really a fancy way of doing it, and the salad and herbs in this super creamy polenta was very quiche-like- bangers & mash - topped with a trio of perfectly crispy onion rings, the homemade vegan sausages were delicious and not totally an analog of meat (not chewy but flavorful) and with baby kale and the most amazing mashed potatoes -- huge portion (i took half of it away to eat on the airplane later)- chocolate-peanut butter custard -- this was incredible -- there's nothing better than chocolate and peanut butter and this dessert did not disappoint, rich chocolate ganache on top that was creamy/fudgy and not set hard with a rich thick peanut butter custard underneath, topped with candied nuts. if you go to one fancy vegan place for dinner - this should be your choice. it's not cheap (i paid $65 for app, entree, dessert & two glasses of wine) but service is impeccable and the food is outstanding. manna has a beautiful location and beautiful interior. i was also very impressed with the level of service we had, despite how busy things were. we decided to try a bit of everything and the most recommended dishes- the bangers and mash, nachos, and enchilada. i'm sorry to say but none of the dishes blew me away. generally when i try "recreations" of meat dishes i'm certainly not expecting them to taste of meat, but i expect them to be delicious. the bangers and mash were warm-ish, which sort of bugged me. the textures started blending together along with the flavours, which sort of made the dish a gooey mess. when looking at the pictures i was expecting piping hot mash, flavourful and thick bangers (yes i just said that) and crunchy hot onion rings. i got none of that. the enchilada had more flavour and spice, which i was thankful for but the depth of flavours was also lacking. nachos were good. mostly vegan but with a few vegetarian starters, this restaurant has a down to earth and cosy atmosphere. you won't leave feeling hungry (i know what people think...) so don't worry!! everything is just delicious!!! try: nachos, basil and cheese balls, caribbean plate! i came to manna with a friend while visiting london and had a great experience. their organic bangers and mash was amazing, but my favorite item i ordered was the peanut butter creme. it was spectacular! my only slight complaint is that we were about 5 minutes early for our reservation at 6:30, also when the restaurant opened. it was pouring rain and the staff ignored us until it was exactly 6:30. it seemed a bit rude...it would've been really nice of them to let us wait inside for 5 minutes. other than that, it was a really nice restaurant and i would certainly go back. found this gem of a vegetarian spot in london over the weekend. the vibe was fantastic, truly inspiring without being overdone. the staff was friendly and welcoming in a very relaxed way, which felt fitting.my girlfriend and i ordered a "mezza" to share, and were able to pick three appetizers or salads for a reduced price. the brazilian cashew croquettes made up one of the most delicious small plates i've ever had, sort of a vegetarian's crab rangoon as my girlfriend put it. the vegetarian sushi was good, but definitely needed the soy sauce to come together, and the naked tacos were good despite not being our favorite.the only reason i can't give five stars is because we unfortunately found a dead fly on one of our salad leaves, quite literally attached by the wing somehow. i let the waitress know and this may be when their chill nature may have failed them, as she lightly apologized but it wasn't mentioned again or brought up to a manager. for a restaurant that charges 8-10 for any of these small appetizers, including 9 for only three of those croquettes, i expected much more hospitality for a clear mistake like that. lovely vegetarian place with delicious meals.waiters are friendly.good thing: you can order "mezze" (3 starters) for around 20 . i recommend the polenta-tarte and the burger. the pakora and the tostada wasn't that special but was also good.place is in the upper price range. excellent food, surprisingly filling for a vegetarian restaurant.anyone can enjoy it, even if you are only accompanying the v person ! i really enjoyed this restaurant. they had yummy food and a pleasant atmosphere. it was in a quaint house type restruant. they have good sized portions as well. they had "vegan cheese balls" i think they called them something better but they were delicious. thanksgiving at manna gave me a home away from home this holiday season. as a vegetarian, it's next to impossible to find somewhere to have a veggie american thanksgiving in london, but manna fills that need with a multicourse meal that has everything you could want. pumpkin soup, salad course, tempeh roast, mashed potato, stuffing, cranberry sauce, green beans, sauted onions, a dessert of either pumpkin cheesecake or apple pie. my one wish is that they'd make traditional pumpkin pie as it is one of the highlights of the season for me! but regardless, excellent meal in a beautiful environment with a friendly and accommodating staff. all i could have asked for on thanksgiving. if you are in london, eat at this place. both my carnivorous boyfriend and i agreed the meal we had here made it into the top five meals we have ever had. while i was there i couldn't help but feel melancholy over not living in london and not knowing when i'd get to eat here again. for starters we had the polenta tart and raw tacos. while both were fantastic, the tacos are a must have. for mains we shared the enchilada lasagna and the bangers and mash. we couldn't decide which we preferred. my boyfriend was amazed at how flavorful the bangers and mash were and said he might be happy to have it over real bangers(which is huge because this guy loves sausages). after gushing over the food and then lamenting to our server that we were too full for dessert, she brought us three small (and complimentary) vegan chocolate truffles to try. the perfectly delicious end to our meal. our server told us manna was the first veg restaurant in london and has been in business 48 years! after enjoying the food you will understand why. enjoy! went here with some vegetarian friends. they absolutely loved that they could order everything on the menu without restraint or asking questions. i'm sure according to them this place is a 5*we had the nachos to start, and i had the veatball spaghetti for my main. both aren't as good as their non vegan originals but i must say good try! the ice cream semifreddo is very nice though! very nice food with some british classics thrown in for good measure. would definitely go back! excellent food! the veatball sub is so filling and just tastes fantastic as well as the nachos! even my non-vegan family members love it! such perfection! i decided i had to try manna while i'm living in london even though it's rather expensive. great decision! i had the (vegan) bangers and mash and it was so much better than the original i remember from my pre-vegan days. my friend had the enchilada lasagne, which was delicious as well. the portions were large enough to sate us and to keep us from ordering dessert. the wine was quite nice as well, a maybe that paired nicely with my meal. i'm so satisfied with my experience at manna and hopefully will make it back someday! food was really good, however the prices were quite high for what we ate, and the service was not good. it was tough to get the waitstaff's attention; when we wanted to order, when we wanted more to drink, when we wanted to see a dessert menu, when we wanted to the bill, and when we wanted to pay. we spent more time waiting to get the staff's attention than enjoying the food. the surprising part is that they were preoccupied wiping utensils - quite loudly, and talking amongst each other. the tacos and soup were really nice. i'm a meat-eater, and i love this vegan restaurant. i've dined here twice so far and had a fantastic experience both times. great service and food. there are so many delicious options on the menu that it is hard to decide what to get! i recommend ordering the following starters: cannellini bean slider, raw lasagne (note that it is served cold), and the indian pizza. if you and your guest want to share 3 starters, i recommend ordering the manna meze to share. with the manna meze, you can order any 3 starters or salads for 22 pounds. if you go on sunday, the chef's special is fantastic. i shared the chef's special nut loaf with kale - it is perfect sunday comfort food. i love this place. food - pretty damn tasty. between us, we tried the bangers & mash, sunday roast and baja california plate. i can especially recommend the roast and baja. the blueberry cheesecake though... strangely rubbery and uncheesecake-like. not so nice at all.cost - thought it was a bit over-priced, sorry manna. we took the manna meze for 22 to start and it was teeny tiny. a spoonful of salad, half a miniature cashew cheese croquette each (admittedly, very tasty) and one stick of vegetable tempura. unhappy face. :(service - we had a friendly waitress and a rather odd waiter who seemed painfully shy and not at all suited to serving the public. but he had a fantastic afro in which he kept his pencil, and i managed to coax a smile out of him by the end of the night.if i scored a pay rise, i reckon i'd come here again. otherwise, much as i enjoyed the food, i'll probably stick with other cheaper and tastier veggie options. absolutely outstanding food! whenever we go to london, manna is one of our first stops! i was so happy to wander off the main primrose hill strip of restaurants and find manna v. we popped in on a friday and they were all booked up, so we made a reservation for the following night as were set on trying it. they have a varied vegan menu with good raw options as well (like raw lasagne). our food was excellent and the waitstaff were very attentive. they have a great wine and dessert list to boot. can't wait to go back. i can't wait to go back to manna the next i'm in town! went there with my omnivorous boyfriend and we both thoroughly enjoyed the food. the service was pretty standard for england; jaded, no smiles, no information or opinions to offer so it's a good thing the food spoke for itself. we had:jalapeno-cashew cheese croquettes- very yummy but not very warmnachos- disappointing. oh well.bangers and mash- absolutely dee-lish!sticky toffee pudding- heavenly!!half of the meal was average but the other half was so epic that it didn't matter! seriously looking forward to coming back and trying other things!! i think the 5-star reviews must be from vegetarians desperate for more menu options when they go out. i was really disappointed that all the menu options were for recipes that traditionally have meat, rather than real vegetarian recipes that aren't trying to substitute any "missing ingredients". (for example ottolenghi has much more innovative, complete vegetarian options.) however the atmosphere is cosy and it's certainly not a bad place to spend an evening with vegetarians. it's also kid-friendly. great assortment of food--everything is delicious! the restaurant space itself is also very warm and inviting.i was visiting from nyc, where vegan and gf restaurants are everywhere--so i was pleasantly surprised when this place put all my nyc experiences to shame.i'm gluten free, and i went with 2 other girls, one vegetarian, and the other with no dietary restrictions. my friend who eats everything even agreed it was a surprisingly delicious (meatless) meal.between us we ordered mostly small sides and starters. my favorites were the cannellini bean slider and the seasonal mash with gravy. we all shared the tiramisu cheesecake for dessert and it was ah-mazing. wish this place was in the same country as me so i could visit more frequently! we went last night for a belated birthday meal, starter was nice, we had the raw pad thai. it could do with some coriander. i had the build my own mains although i would like to have the banger and mash! wholesome food, generous portion. dessert was lovely and staff are very friendly. a good choice for vegan and vegetarians! i attended manna's thanksgiving feast last week and was absolutely impressed. the food was delicious and, short of my mother's cooking, was all that i could have asked for to satisfy my nostalgia for traditional thanksgiving food. not only that, but their preparation of tempeh turkey meant that, finally, i was able to have a taste of the main course that everyone always raves about. the selection was fantastic. my friend and i were served an aperitif, pumpkin soup, salad, wine, the above mentioned turkey, mash, green beans and pearl onions, sweet potatoes, mushroom gravy, cranberry sauce, and to top it all off, dessert! the service was wonderful and the atmosphere is adorable. the food is more expensive than i would usually go for but now i will be tempted to splurge every once in a while to come visit. very nice results on a traditional american holiday, london! i've dined at manna thrice (always aiming for the traditional sunday roast time) and every moment has been wonderfully memorable. the service is both prompt and sweet; the atmosphere is nature-inspired and relaxing; the owner is a most delightful host. this past weekend the soup of the day was the most glorious and piping hot wild mushroom and fennel treat served with tiny, fresh-from-the-oven rolls. the meze platter is a great idea: a little of everything. the croquettes are quite amazing; as i enjoy them i try to imagine how the chefs get that soft cashew cheese filling inside the perfectly round, crisp spheres...and then there are the raviolis stuffed with walnut pt, and graced with two gorgeous sauces. the portions are so generous it can be hard to save room for dessert but the long, tall trifle can be shared by two.manna's guest books (a new one's just been started) contain grateful notes from people all over the world - vegans and non-vegans alike - who have never had a lovelier meal. their praise is well earned and deserved. check the map well. though very near chalk farm station, manna is located in a small road tucked away rather snugly; it's actually quite easy to find, though, after a stroll through regent's park coming north into primrose hill. manna is unique, and a model for anyone wanting to start a vegan restaurant that treats its guests with genuine care. the world needs more wonderful places like this to visit, enjoy, remember, and revisit as soon as possible! [the reviewer blogs at veganplace.wordpress.com and co-authored the cookbook dining with friends: the art of north american vegan cuisine.] as a visitor to london, i've only been to manna once for dinner - but i was mightily impressed at that one visit! for starters, it's a lovely environment - beautiful decor, a cosy little space (even with a tiny conservatory!), and a small bar if you need somewhere to sit and wait for a table (like we did, but not for too long!). the staff when it's a bit busy can be a bit hard to get a hold of, but they are absolutely helpful, friendly and attentive when dealing with you. let's face it - i'd not really heard much about the restaurant itself, but the food - that's what i went there for, that's what made a killer impression on me. there's a good selection of stuff on the menu without being overwhelming, and a chef's special each day if it takes your fancy. (they have quite a nice selection at the bar as well, if you take a drink with your dinner.) the presentation is impeccable for the appetisers and mains, and the portion sizes are a reasonable size for what is essentially a gourmet-style restaurant.i shared a meze plate of appetisers with my friend, because i couldn't decide what i wanted - the three we chose were the raw pad thai salad (nice and spicy), smoky tofu & potato roulade, and grilled tikka kebabs (which i could've eaten about 20 plates of and still wanted more, oh so delicious!). my friend tried the chef's special which was a nice indian take on shepherd's pie - a really fantastic and unusual use of flavours. i was lured in by the onion rings and tried the bangers and mash - terrific gravy and an incredibly creamy mash, very fresh (i guess made on premises?) veggie sausages and those delectable onion rings on top. the only thing that irked me was the fennel in the sausages - but i'm not a lover of that flavour. i could barely finish my main, so disappointingly i couldn't try dessert at the restaurant - i was dangerously close to exploding. we got a fantastic selection of the petit fours packed up to go which i tried the next day, and they are definitely a delicious treat! one day i'll get back and try that banoffee trifle though..thanks for the meal and the evening, manna! i wouldn't hesitate to come back for lunch *or* dinner when i happen to be in london next. i wish there were more vegetarian restaurants like manna; classy without being contrived, intimate and candlelit, food that is fresh and artfully presented... and oh yeah, *yawn*, they happen not to serve meat. too many veggie restaurants seem to think that catering to vegetarians also means they have to try and teleport you back to the 70s hippie movement with offerings of wheatgrass and macrame decor that won't for an instant let you forget that you are in a veggie restaurant and you are not eating meat! x peace xoy. just because i'm a vegetarian doesn't mean i don't like graceful service and smart surroundings. manna gets this - thank you.now, about the food. everything we ate was delicious, but i *really* wish i'd ordered the creole sweet potato galette after tasting it... spicy, packed with an array of vegetables... it was everything you could possibly want from a dish. also, the chef salad sounded amazing, but i really don't like mayo, and our waiter's description had me envisioning a cloying mayo-drenched potato salad... but the table next to us had one and it looked more green and fresh than mayo-laden.... so next time!as a whole, a very fantastic experience. a cozy atmosphere full of panache, downright tantalizing food and unpretentious attentive service - you would never know you were in a "vegetarian" restaurant. i will keep going back until i have tried *everything.* manna is pricey, but you definitely get interesting choices and creative menu options. i do wish the food had been better seasoned, but i find this true in most london restaurants. for my money, saf (off of old street) is a better find. vegetarian food here is eclectic and quite good overall. the indian salad and the vegetable tempura were particularly tasty. service is attentive and the place is intimate. they sell a variety of freshly squeezed juices. i loved the food at manna, and the attentive staff.	0	1	1	0	0
 love love love the oysters here!! you can taste the ocean when you slurp them down. we got the large mixed oysters (16) and split it between 4 people. it was enough for everyone and we got to try a couple of french/england/ireland oysters. yummmm :d this place is known for the seafood so i would recommend going for the seafood entrees. if you're a girl with a small appetite like me or not super hungry, i would recommend sharing the entree with a friend. entrees are around 20 so it can get kind of pricy if you order wine on top of that. we got the grilled sea bass. the fish was fresh and i liked the potatoes with curry sauce a lot - really unique. in the end we were really full but still ordered creme brle. it was on fire!! that was really cool but the actual taste wasn't so special (i've had better). there is usually a long line so come early. not good for groups more than four people. the music is really loud so don't bring your children here. overall, loved my experience here!! been here twice now and will return as often as possible. casual and hip with music playing and all seating is at high, somewhat shared tables and bars. excellent seafood options, great wine list and really friendly and helpful service.is usually very crowded, reservations strongly recommended, but both times they were really good about squeezing us in. not cheap, but way better than some of the other overpriced and touristy places in sohohighly recommended the chicken dish and goat cheese salad was very good, i'd skip the fish soup. very causal but cozy. like to sit at the bar and look into the street to people watch. my favourite fish restaurant in london!!! they have great selection of oysters and champagne (i suggest r&a's own to go with oysters), though they also serve amazing meats....rump stake with creamy peppercorn sauce is my favourite. super friendly staff and ny decor with open plan kitchen make you always feel very welcomed there. it's one of those place where you can easily go on your own. a "simple" but delicious menu will always hit the spot. and don't forget to check chefs' specials once you are there. the other day i had a skate wing for the first time...it was amazing!!!don't fotget to leave some space for a desert. my favourite is flowerless chocolate cake with scoop of vanilla ice cream. i stumbled upon this place while walking around soho trying to find a decent, not too touristy, or overpriced restaurant for dinner. the place is hip and reminded me of the many cool restaurants in nyc soho. my waiter was very helpful with the menu and i ended up having the two evening specials for my app and my entree. the softshell crab appetizer was a good size and it came on top of a bed of lentils with mango salsa which was a nice touch to cut the grease from the fried crab. for my entree i had the sea bream which was also quite tasty. overall, i was happy with my food and i cleaned my plates.my only complaint was that the music was way too loud and i felt like it was more appropriate for a lounge. the food here is amazing! seafood is outstanding. you also have to try the chicken. the owner takes such personal attention to each and every customer. one of my favorite late night spots in soho. bouillabaisse was amazing, good wine, quaint atmosphere, be prepared to wait but it is worth it! loved the food but just wished the place was a little bigger. wait can be very long and the dining room very crowded. best to eat as a couple as there are one 3 group tables.the host is is sweetie and the staff are all very nice. i ordered the crispy lemon sole, my husband the seared tuna. my first bite contained many bones. i informed the waiter who said he was sorry and took it away. the maitre d' then brought my dish back with one of the pieces of sole torn apart and said the chef had gone through it and couldn't find any bones and asked if i would like to continue eating it. i must have made a face because frankly i was appalled that he thought to even ask me if i wanted to continue to eat something full of bones that had then been torn apart and strewn all over the plate. he then offered to have them remake it and they did. my plate was brought back by the waiter with two pieces of sole with some garnish and that was it. i asked where the rest of the dish was and he said oh i don't know, took the plate back, and i had to wait even longer since i assume they tossed my original dish and had to remake it from scratch. then they brought back the dish in it's entirety and i was finally able to eat. meanwhile, my husband waited to eat with me this entire time. no one offered to keep his plate warm while he waited for my dish and it was cold by the time he got to eat it. his tuna did not have a good sear and was a bit overdone in the middle. when i ordered my dish i expected the fish to have a crispy skin, not be breaded. it was an elevated fish and chips, except i never had fish and chips for that much money, nor have had to send it back for being full of bones, or dealt with such terrible service. i was expecting for there to be some type of good will gesture made with the tab but i was charged full price for both meals. overall, this was perhaps the worst dining experience i have ever encountered. this place was fantastic. it's in an old butchers shop and they preserved the history and built the restaurant to flow within the original space. there are some weird poles in some of the tables but it is so nice to see that they cared so deeply about the history. it's in a very cool area of town, soho. however we did not feel rushed at all...even though they were packed on a monday night at 6pm (very early for london summer hours)the food was amazing. i am from the san francisco bay area and often judge the quality of a restaurant on their ability to do seafood well. we had 4 people there so we ordered lots of food. the bread was fantastic, everyone particularly liked the olive bread. the oysters were top notch, the scallops were delicate and served in a way i had never had them. we ordered a fish stew, 2 types of fish dishes, and a lamb dish as our mains and they were all wonderful. we also were given time to digest between courses which i love. the wine was lovely, the cocktails were great (they even had fancy non-alcoholic ones which many people appreciate). being from california i tend to request things if i want them and they were able to add some fruit to my desert for me which was very sweet and shows what wonderful service they provide.for desert we had a sorbet, an ice cream, the cheesecake (light and to die for) as well as the creme' brule. the desert wines we ordered were amazing also. after the desert we had coffee. all amazing.the service was really fantastic. fancy but very relaxed. our head waiter was attentive, charming, and funny.i would highly recommend this restaurant. if you want a quieter experience stop by for lunch =) french seafood, but they do offer meat as well. i wouldn't really recommend going. even after they asked when we wanted things to be served, we were served random dishes as different times. the rocket, mushroom, and parmesan salad was so vinegary, it was difficult to eat. the pan fried sole was crispy and served on mustard beans and sliced potatoes. the beans were just topped with grain mustard, and the potatoes were extremely oily. we had a wonderful dinner on new year's eve (normal menu). the gracious and excellent staff took great care of my family, including two young daughters. all of the food was expertly prepared and presented: prawn cocktail (more like a shrimp salad salad), scallops, cobb salad, ribeye with garlic butter sauce (exceptional), grill prawns, crab and lemon risotto (excellent), and haddock fish & chips (the best i've had in london). vibrant and chic, lively but still family-friendly. an absolute gem, even on a very busy night. loved the food, the atmosphere and the service.came here with a baby. staff were all so friendly and played with our baby, he was loving it! the music got a little loud as the night went on. probably not the best place to have taken our 10 month old but we were in london just visiting so didn't really have a choice.the food was for the most part great. the seafood was very fresh, which is something i rarely say in the uk. the only complaint i had was that my halibut was a little overcooked and tasted hard. but everything else was delicious! i will definitely be going back here again. what a find! this place was a disappointment. i was looking for a trendy restaurant in the soho area with good food and not too expensive in terms of prices and this place seems to be receiving the right number of stars and  sign so i gave it ago.no reservations, as expected, but also not much room for you to stand inside. it was cold outside :(we arrived on a friday night at 6:30pm and waited for about 30m before we were seated. the place wasn't too big and the music was loud. so loud that you can barely hear yourself think let alone have a conversation.service was fantastic - no complaints.food was mediocre. we tried- bellini (~9): tiny champagne glass made with dry dry prosseco. no good.- oysters: sticks to the shell and not very fresh- queen scallop: i was excited about capers but the capers were super tiny and the scallops weren't too flavorful (~8)- sole (~19): deep fried, kinda like fish and chips without the chips but with potatoes. the fish was okay but i mean if you deep fry fish it's hard to go wrong. the potatoes were really good and the string beans are okay.- steak frite: the server warned us that the steak was gonna be super tiny. albeit tasty, it was not very satisfying- lemon tart (~8): too tangyhonestly, the food is mediocre, but the entire experience is marred by the loud music. maybe they do that to kick people out because it's so busy in there.unimpressed. i was actually pretty excited to come here - i love seafood, i love swishy old-school spots, and i love the idea of an indulgent weekday lunch perched by the windows, watching the hectic world go by in soho. so what fell short...first, the service started out strong. had a nice welcome and offered a choice of tables. but our male server, while attentive, wasn't very helpful with the menu in terms of recommendations or specials. this became especially apparent with the wine list - which is excellent by the way, but undone because the staff didn't know their wines. our server couldn't tell us a single thing about the two white wine specials, and then when asked for a fruity wine, he disappeared for several minutes to ask other staffers. in their defence, he did come back with three tastings of white wines, which was thoughtful, but then he couldn't tell us about any of them beyond which one tasted 'stronger' and which one did not. this was quite disappointing for a place that is known for wines, and particularly so when the wine selection was actually pretty impressive, including a delicious creamy white from lebanon.onto the food: the bread basket is worth every pence of the four pounds it costs - a selection of hot toasted brown and olive bread, along with butter and this anchovy cream that is unforgettable. the food itself was not very memorable. we had the fish soup, chilled seafood platter and the special crayfish truffle pasta. the soup was good but on the salty side, while the chilled seafood platter had highs and lows. highs included the crab and scallop meat, while the lows were the three flat oysters provided, with very little meat on the shell. the pasta was delicious, just a few seconds cooked longer than i would've liked, but with lots of yummy shrimp and a delicious light sauce. all in all, i would come back to this place for some wine and light food, but wouldn't invest again in a full meal here. maybe it's worth it for the atmosphere in the evening, but i would go elsewhere for a good seafood meal, especially at this cost. by far our favorite meal in london! known for their seafood, i had the king scallops with braised broccoli fennel puree and parmentier potatoes. i felt like i wanted to chew slower just so i can savor the flavors for as long as i could!  my boyfriend had the whole dressed crab, veggies and potato salad, which he loved as well! we paired our meals with a bottle of sauvignon blanc and it was heavenly. we would have like to try their seafood platter but they were out by the time we sat down.high tables and chairs and the space is somewhat small as we had a group of people just hanging out right behind us making it hard for our waiter to get to us but the service was excellent and the prices were reasonable. thank you r&a for leaving us with a good impression of the food in london. thanks to the lovely local -via- san fran/mobile awesome amy at the vic in paddington i visited this charming spot! we had come from a long lunch and were headed to see the final performance of the commitments- so we just needed some oysters and champs... and we were not disappointed. outstanding service from our gorgeous italian server who took impeccable care of us. jason and andres were fantastic in helping me plan a surprise for my other half, with an engagement ring. they went above and beyond to help make it truly special.the wine that nicola helped my fiance choose was really, really nice. we loved the roasted lobster too. we had a great time here and look forward to coming back!overall, the service was excellent and the food was delicious. last night a lobster saved my life, last night a lobster saved my life with a sooooong... okay, it wasn't singing, it was perfectly cooked and sliced in half on my plate. but it was delicious and it made for the most perfect dinner. along with scallops with capers and fresh lime and a dressed crab this was a dinner date to remember.i love the little mermaid, i love flounder and sebastian - but seriously, when they taste this good i'd be first in line to see the plopped in the hot pot. snuggled in the heart of soho, opposite cox, cake and kink, randall & aubin is something of a legend with a huge local following. there are beautiful gays serving and beautiful gays flowing out the door as well as seafood fans and some suit types. they have great window seats that are perfect for people watching and a great wine list, although it was missing a chablis.this was a date spot for me, and it was pretty amazing. we ordered three main courses and one starter between two of us and while away a spring evening over a lovely bottle of plonk. when you are here expect to be pushed and shoved a bit, expect to pay over the odds but love it. this is london. awesome place! the food, the service, the atmosphere - i just love it, a regular stop to warm up the belly and the soul :-) it's hard to go wrong although the seafood is excellent this rating is based on my patronage of the place over a decade ago, long before yelp. very pleased to find out they still exist. then again, it's british, bound to live on to be a relic of an ancient city. :)if memory serves right, my fish and chip (must have at least once when in britain) was delicious, loved it. sea bass and tuna (i think) on the next few visits were just as enjoyable. location was very convenient. walk from the leicester tube station through china town was a breeze then when in town straight from the city-of-walking, singapore. after a decade in the-city-of cars, atlanta, interested to find out just how close (or, far) r&a may seem from the same tube station.all in all pleasant memory. good to see positive reviews on yelp, now that i'm looking up old places to revisit when in london for my elementary school reunion next month. simply wild - elementary! oh so trendy.you should eat here. the vibe is great. lots of energy from the staff and the diners. everyone is super nice. even though it's crowded and you might have to wait 45+ minutes on a friday night, you'll feel taken care of the entire time. order some wine and make a friend.all our food was delicious. while they don't have many vegetarian options (not that i'd expect them to in a seafood restaurant), they did have some great egg dishes and veggie sides. i made a meal from that and didn't feel like i missed out on a thing without having lobster. my dining companions had lamb and pork dishes. the pork was reportedly a little fatty for their liking, but yummy nonetheless.i highly recommend a stop here for dinner before heading out around soho. you might just want to grab a table and stay all night. we adored this little gem we stumbled into as we wandered around london sans direction. after a very busy day seeing the sights, we ditched our maps and wandered soho. drawn to the busy chattering crown here at 5:00 on a saturday, we were compelled to be a part of the scene.we ordered a few bites and several glasses of wine - happy as clams in the small, energetic atmosphere. the thai salmon cakes were delicious and the house red hit the spot. we also had a good chat with our neighboring couple who gave us a good laugh. the music was good, the waitstaff was great and that disco ball tied the whole thing together. would definitely come again. love the decor, love the fish and chips. the fruits de mer was very delicious too! didn't have a chance to try the dessert. if you come to london, stay near soho house, come eat here because its very good!staff is very friendly and attentive. gets very busy after 18:00 i just adore this place.the design and layout of the restaurant makes it perfect for grown-up (i.e.adult) lunches and dinners. chilled out, diverse, easy-going people who know a good thing when they see it. brilliant staff providing superlative service. seriously - you've never felt so welcome. great menu and high quality food. excellent choice of wines. it's quirky, it's grown-up (got the message?) and it's 'everyone in together' without being too noisy or "in your face". so if, like our neighbours, you don't want to share a table then maybe just stay away please. don't ruin the ambience for the rest of us. well done to the randall & aubin team. again. this place was so ridiculously good that i had to drop a note and let everyone know how spectacular it was. it had been on list to try when i'm in london for a couple of years. i got the chance to being some of my work teammates to enjoy, while we were recently there.the short of it can be summed up by one of my coworkers: "the simple dish of sea bass, potatoes, and greens was one of the best seafood meals i've ever had."let's put that statement into a bit of context. hailing from the sf bay area, you'd think we have a ton of great seafood places to nosh at. not so. we have decent places, but nothing to rave about. randall & aubin is a place to rave about. laid back, casual atmosphere (a bit cramped, but okay... i can deal with that). food is absolutely spectacular in taking basic, fresh ingredients and letting them shine without any fuss.i will be back again and again! oh yes. oh yes. my latest favourite. reason for four stars - it's very pricey. i can get same selection of seafood platter in lock fyne for cheaper...but i guess i won't get the atmosphere!bar stools and tables, location (neatly tucked in brewer st) - create an amazing hip place where you can have a date, a catch up with friends or even have something by yourself if you're in a hurry and happen to be in the area!my friend and i (both big fans of wine) were seated quite promptly for a thursday night. - in about 15 minutes - we had wine while waiting. randall & aubin definitely has a good selection of wines (crispy japanese and sweet-ish australian - as we had a fair bit of those, i don't remember the names).it was warm that evening and they left the windows opened - it was absolutely lovely. good music - but at a reasonable volume - i didn't have to shout to be heard.seafood platter was enough for us both. and i loved the snails - probably the first time i had those without usual garlic and butter! desserts - sadly, i can't have dairy so couldn't have something sophisticated, but my almond & rasberry tart was nice.i am definitely goin back there again. do not come here if mind standing outside while a table opens up though they will bring a drink while you wait.. also do not expect a private table as no such thing here.  service was good and food was amazing though my fried sole would have been better without frying and simple butter or lemon sauce.  the half lobster with either pomme frittes or salad was amazing as obviously very recently caught as no gap between meat and shell.  only thing other than not fancy digs kept this from being five star was forcing you to pay 1.50 for bread and olives they place in front of you without asking. this has been one of my favourite restaurants for years. can sometimes be a short wait as you can't book, but cracking open a bottle of r&a's own champagne in the queue passes the time. not only great quality seafood (i tend to start with the calamari or a half dozen oysters, then go for the lemon sole or fish and chips) but it's one of the best vibes in soho. staff are very friendly and with the brasserie-style shared tables you quite often end up having a chat with one of your neighbouring foodies. great espresso martinis to finish your meal. highly recommended! wonderful staff , great atmosphere and delicious food. we came after the theater and it was close to closing time but the stayed open for us. wine was nice and cold, soup was very flavorful the fresh seafood was excellent. it's the kinda place where you feel like you in the south of france in someones kitchen while they prepare an amazing meal for you. great experience!	0	1	0	0	0
 bang bang is probably one of the best vietnamese restaurants i been to and definitely recommend it to anyone who is thinking of having a tasty and resonably priced vietnamese food. had the slow cooked pork belly and rice and it was amazing!! i usually dislike eating pork fats, but the way it was cooked made it so soft and delicious, i ended up eating it anyways. the sauce was brilliant and the portion is quite big. definitely my one of my favourite restaurants in london and would love to come back here to try different dishes. my friends and i wanted a fix of good vietnamese food and unfortunately didn't get it here. we ordered pho and vermicelli salad amongst other things.for pho, you need to have a good broth as a base and unfortunately the broth from bang bang was very bland. and for the salad, i would have expected more than a small plate of plain vermicelli, 2 spring rolls and a corner of pickled vegetables. once again, the ingredients didn't have much flavour and the spring rolls were bland as mentioned by a previous reviewer hence we had to drown it with fish or sriracha sauce which is not ideal as both make you extremely thirsty afterwards.the venue itself was also very hot and stuffy as it didn't seem like they had any air conditioning. therfore, if there is space, do request to sit outside.the only highlight of the meal was the ice cream. salted caramel and honeycomb was our favourite.will be heading over to old street, cay tre or cafe east in the future for food that is more flavoursome & authentic. this is a nice little spot that offers a variety of vietnamese dishes. i have been fortunate to eat homecooked vietnamese food and live in southern california + bay area which has a plethora of amazing restaurants. i have also had various experiences at bad places. this one... falls right in the middle - it is simply okay. i was not very impressed with the pho (noodles were too soft/cooked too long, broth was bland and not memorable). also, the eggrolls were not as crispy as i would have liked. it wasn't terrible, but not something i'd rave about or take my friends to. on top of that, the prices are a bit high, but i suppose they can get away with charging that much because there aren't too many options around for vietnamese food. solid basic vietnamese at a reasonable price. good crowd of local peeps and optimistic service. focused more on the appetizers - we ended up here after hearing the waiting time at honey & co was an hour long - lucky for us we discovered this little jewel. the service was quick and food arrived promptly, perfect for our hungry bellies! we tried the sweet potato prawn appetiser, which was tasty although i think the portion was a little small. i got the chicken pho as my main - did not disappoint! flavoursome and served in a huge bowl - absolutely delicious! my friend's rare beef pho was a little blander, still nice but lacking that little kick. i'd definitely come here again! sumer rolls were fresh and tasty, shaking beef is a must. we had tiger prawn spicy soup which is delicious i had chargrilled lemongrass chicken with rice also great and filling, will definitely come back. we ordered the chargrilled limeleaf chicken bun, cha gio (spring rolls) and the classic pho bo tai. i wanted to order the vietnamese coffee but i don't think it's justified to pay 3.50 for tiny cup of vietnamese coffee (if they are making the coffee in the authentic way). we were impressed with the bun as it's soft and fluffy and the fillets of limeleaf chicken was really delightful to eat.  the spring rolls tasted little bland so as their dipping sauce. despite there was minced pork, black fungus and glass noodles in the rolls, they were still quite bland. perhaps you could add little more garlic, coriander, red onions, chillis and vinegar into dipping sauce- just a suggestion. as regular pho eater, you know it's good vietnamese restaurant if it serves you a good pho. i would normally taste the soup first before mixing all the herbs. the soup was very bland, there wasn't any 18-hour-beef-bone-and-oxtail-broth taste to it.the herbs like thai basil, mint, spring onions, bean sprouts, lime and chili are the must- these are not garnishes. so not having thai basil and a tiny mint for garnish was a no no. for 9.50 of pho, you do expect bang bang to be little more generous on the rare beef flanks but it's not.  despite the trendy decoration the pho itself was disappointing. on top of that there is 12.5% of discretionary charge in spite of my slightly bland pho, i was actually a fan of this place because everything else was spot on.my friend and i ended up here by chance with two very hungry bellies and luckily for us, the staff were friendly, efficient and, most importantly, we didn't have to wait too long for our food - which was a bonus since we were there at peak dinner time! we started off with a blissful fusion of sweet potato and prawn which was really tasty.we both ordered pho and, as i said, i chose poorly. i wouldn't recommend the rare beef pho as the broth was lacklustre and needed quite an aggressive dose of additional seasoning from the condiments on the table to give it that kick it was so badly missing. having said that, my friend's pho - the chicken one - was pho-king delicious, everything it should be.prices are also decent with the bill coming to around 15 each which is pretty good by central london standards. it's not the best vietnamese i've had in london, but it's a good choice of restaurant to go to if you're stuck for places to eat around warren street. bang bang... strangely it reminds me just like the jessie j song! it's quick and its upbeat and those are the 2 words that can only describe bang bang canteen. on a wednesday afternoon, i never expected such a busy vietnamese cafe in the middle of a commercial district! me and my colleagues visited here with a big appetite for viet food, we walked in and it really gave me a buzz feeling of street food. benches everywhere and carts here and there, with chopsticks and sriracha sauces placed everywhere. the menu is easy consisting of hot traditional pho and salads to choose from. for me, the interesting choice was the 'bun rieu cua' which consisted of vermicelli drowned in a tomato broth mixed with crab paste and relished with pork belly and salads. i can't repeat enough how good this broth was, i've not been to a place where the broth was so tasty that i had to drink it all. it was totally magical.salute to all the guys at bang bang, you wow'd me and my colleague, especially when we received our food before our drinks (yes, that's right folks) service took less than 10 minutes after ordering, even on a busy lunch shift. so if you want some good food with a decent service that won't hurt your wallet. treat yourself to bang bang. i endorse it and i would fully visit again! bang bang may not come in with a bang, but it will leave you satisfied none the less.this is a wonderful small vietnamese cafe on warren street. it's pretty much what you might expect - a few tables inside and out, a nice menu with your classics: baos, buns, soups, noodle salads. i got the bun cha gio or the imperial spring rolls with vermicilli salad and it was tasty and filling. we also got the summer rolls, which were small but nicely lightly fried.the staff here is really excellent, friendly, fast, they deal with a lunch rush well, it was impressive to see them in action.i had a really nice lunch meeting here. it's a comfortable spot to eat and talk and i will be back no question. i went for a quick pho dinner and enjoyed the experience. the pho was one of better i've had in london, though i must also say that it wasn't the best. the broth was insufficient both in flavour and quantity, and i thought they could have served the vegetables on the side so i can determine for myself what i want vs don't want to add. service was very good. staff were friendly and generally prompt in responding to requests. ambience was cozy and hipster. not your average spacious restaurant, but great for a meal with the close ones. all in all, i'd return and would love to try out other dishes. pretty decent. came in for quick weeknight dinner. we had the morning glory, spicy prawn noodle soup, pork bao, etc and some red wine. served quickly, and the flavors were generally on point. yum vietnamese.stirfy beef with noodleswill try deserts next.good music, seating and staff update: before, i only had the curry. since then, i've come back several times for the spicy pho, and it's very good, and much more worth the trip. it still feels a little expensive, but it's a good meal on a cool day, and a nice way to treat yourself. bright, fresh, quick, and exactly what you need to cheer you up on a cold winters day.it's days like this i that i need the spice, and the fresh herbs. these married with thinly sliced fresh vegetables, beef, rice noodles, and brought together in a delicious broth, made a filling and warm meal. it's also a super quick option, simple throw these constitutes together and bring to table - great if you need to be somewhere or for a lunchtime meet - almost instant satisfaction!i'm not a great connoisseur of pho or vietnamese food, but i really enjoyed the freshness of the beef 'pho bo thai' and i left full and happy. i've also tried the pho chay on a previous visit and enjoyed this vegetarian option.bang bang have tried to go for a film noir, mob, almost sin city, cartoon, feel with the menu and company graphics. the sign illuminates, shooting the name into the evening. however the restaurant has a more canteen style feel, with a selection of heavy wooden raised tables, booths and lower tables at the front to choose from which have more of a school feel, some with mexican style tiles embedded in them.however i find the odd mixture of styles colourful and cheery. the vibe is quite warm and inviting. the prices are 8.50+, for a pho which i feel is on the upper side of most restaurants like this and canteen style food. however you don't need to order anything other than the one plate, so it's not unreasonable.definitely a great option for a simple and fresh, no fuss approach to lunch! i'm sorry, but this is neither amazing nor is it authentic vietnamese food. the pho and bn riu were not what you'd expect if you've ever had real vietnamese soups before. the broth tasted like water. and the pho noodles were not actual pho noodles. if anything, this was like a bland, britified version of what are typically robust vietnamese soups. oh well, i guess "sell to your demographic" and all. service was incredibly good, and the atmosphere/attempt is good--can't discount that. this place was our saviour after a long night at frieze. admittedly not our first choice - that honour was forfeited by the queen's head and artichoke who failed to cope with the crowds ... one friend in our group had spotted the neon lid canteen from across the road on his way. we actually expected an american diner style restaurant and were pleasantly surprised to be invited into a vietnamese kitchen - even more so as the sign on the door had been switched to "closed". we were told that we were welcome to stay as long as we ordered almost immediately. i don't think you can go wrong with vietnamese food, and we all ended up with delicious options, in our case salads and soups, but everything on the menu sounded delicious.once we had ordered, the food arrived swiftly but we weren't rushed to leave again, making this a throroughly enjoyable end to an exhausting day.i've every intention of returning and am sure to remember this gem the next time i am in the area (it's located half way between great portland street and warren street stations); i probably wouldn't make a special trip though as this just isn't my favourite part of town - overlooking the busiest road (the main entrance on warren street is more friendly) which somehow acts as an enforced border between the fringes of fitzrovia and camden.ps: the bang bang revolvers on the wall would actually not look out of place in an american diner either lucas the best bartender. personable and knowledgeable. knows his stuff. vi is a great waitress. such a sweet soul. great banter and knowledge of food pairings. i hope the restaurant are reading this, because there is no reason they can't improve. i've been here twice and both times the best word to describe the food is lacklustre. food arrives insanely quickly, a testament to just how long it may have been sitting.between myself and the people i was with, we tried lots of the menu. they could easily raise their standards and i'm sure a true vietnamese fanatic could give some specific pointers. tasty eggplant and tofu with jasmine rice and spring rolls. decent prices on red wine. nice atmosphere. i am not even kidding you when i saw i have been to bang bang canteen three days in a row now. it's that good. i have arranged meetings here and meet-ups with friends. anything to give me an opportunity to try something new on the menu. the ingredients are all fresh, the flavours perfectly balanced, the staff smiling, and the delivery of your order is incredibly fast. even when it's full. this is quite a popular lunch spot for locals, so i recommend arriving ten minutes early as you will have to wait for a table. really yummy pho!!! however was weird that they didn't present the sprouts and chillies on the sides. other then that it was a really nice chilled place to grab a quick meal. it's fairly priced for its location but i think it's worth it.i haven't tried the other items on the menu but i would totally recommend the pho!!! it's probably one of the best iv had for ages if you're here for pho, you'd be terribly disappointed with the bland soup. the pork belly bao and the atmosphere was spot on though. lads whats going on, get your bao buns shit together. it has been ages now, i've just stopped asking when they are going to be back (despite them being left on the menu this whole time, and you only find out when you order). if they are back fine, but i gave up asking after 2 months solid.besides that, its a fairly average vietnamese spot, if admittedly one of the only in the fitzrovia area.you'll get more stars when you are more consistent with the food, and the quality! average sums it all up. i noticed signs for bang bang canteen a few months ago when wandering through the area, but i hadn't had the chance to give them a try. so when a colleague suggested we go out to lunch on a friday, i suggested bang bang canteen. and i managed to get a couple of people to agree.it's a fairly simple design. after you get a seat (and weirdly there were a lot of tables reserved, so i should keep that in mind for future reference), you look at the menu and then you go up to one of the registers and order there. so that's a bit strange for a restaurant, but hey i'm fairly easy going.i ordered the vietnamese spicy wings and pork belly bahn bao (because i could eat those steamed bun/tacos all the time). we opted to pay separately, and that kind of caused us to get our food in spurts. so the first person to order got her spring rolls and curry before i got my wings and buns which i got before my friend's rare beef bowl. so it might be better to order all at once and split, but then you pay when you order, so maybe not.the wings were delicious (but a bit too hot to hold, so they were definitely freshly cooked). they were a great mix of sweet and spicy. conveniently, my buns came out quite quickly afterwards, so i could eat one of those while i was waiting for my wings to cool down again. and they're stuffed pretty well with meat. a bunch fell out. and they buns were really good sized and really tasty (and a great deal for 6.00). after finishing my buns and my wings, i realized my eyes were a bit larger than my stomach as i was quite full. unfortunately, my friends mentioned they thought theirs were lacking a bit in flavor, as one of them had to add the sriracha sauce conveniently located on the table to his soup. (there's also hoisin if you so fancy). but mine was delicious, so i think i must have just ordered correctly. we finished the meal with some vietnamese egg coffee, because who doesn't want to try coffee with egg? and it was also delicious. slightly sweet and creamy and served with delicious coffee. so i'd come back, although it may require some convincing of my workmates to give it another go. but it made a nice change from our usual surroundings. quite frankly i was not amazed by the food i ordered.the meal arrived so quickly meaning everything was ready to go with little processing if not getting everything into a bowl. very few meat in proportion of there price.the decor was just ok, but eating on a school table is something i was not doing since 25 years! solid vietnamese food - a bit non-authentic at times in a 'fusiony' sense so its hard to get too upset. the spring rolls were excellent which is what i was looking for and the other food was also good. definitely worth checking out but if you want true vietnamese food served by the locals for the locals, you may have to check out something else. then again, would you go to a place called 'bang bang canteen' if you thought it was going to be that?they are good for what they are - especially if you are in the neighbourhood for lunch. service was quick - not super friendly but i'm not too bothered because it's a place you'd go for the food. this is the 3rd best pho i've had (and i've had a lot) - great winter warmer, fragrant and full not oily like a lot of the chains (ie: 'pho to go' for example). this is proper authentic stuff. the buns are delicious too. good options for lunch. they've taken off the duck with pineapple which was really good. the tofu and eggplant curry is spicier than anticipated, but still really good. their pho is also tasty. the woked greens have a distinctively chinese flavor of garlic and oyster sauce. i've tried this place twice now. the first time i'm gonna write up to being newly opened, and therefore an absolute clusterfuck between service (bad), food (came out at all different times) and drinks (we were told to get our own out of their fridge, free beers anyone?). the second time was better. but how much cred should food coming out together get? the vermicelli beef noodles is what i got, it was so spicy my nose was running into my soup (and i like spicy, folks). also, the noodles, not vermicelli! spaghetti! and absolutely impossible to eat. thank god i was with mates and not a business meet, bc trying to get these noodles in my mouth with chopsticks and spoon was....less than graceful. urgh, wanted to like this place, think i'm done though :/	1	1	1	0	1
 i'm in town for london screenings. one of the uk film people took my client and i here last night. classy place. (dress up a bit)... waiter was friendly and attentive. the menu is a mix between uk and germany... i ordered the oysters (2), my client ordered the caprese salad... and the host crab salad. ordered a bottle of white chardonnay -main course-i ordered the rib eye steak which is my typical medium well... amazing, my client the chicken curry dish (which she loved) and the host steak tartare. (he loved his)dessert, we shared the image result for apricot souffle for two with raspberrys on the side and chocolate syrup.a fantastic experience. a recommend. i will be back. a lovely piece of mittel europe, right in the middle of london's west end: formal service, dark clubby viennese atmosphere, an excellent wine list and surprising good cooking. it's also open late, far later than most establishments of any quality, so perfect for a decent meal after a theatre, being on the aldwych just minutes from the strand. their menu is online, not particularly large, but what they do they do well: in particular my rib-eye was outstanding: large, perfectly trimmed, cooked rare as requested, juicy and perfectly seasoned, with excellent crispy chips and more bearnaise than even i could manage, which means a lot! prices are middling, but given the location & quality offer very good value, though wines from the excellent list are not cheap, with very little under 30. professional in a good way, european in a good way, this is a good place right across the board. we went for lunch here while we were recently in london. the interior is very nice with lots of wood and the display counters were filled with lots of delicious food. they seated us very promptly. they have a very nice menu with lots of soups and sandwiches and small plates. we ordered a quiche with a salad and tomato soup with rye bread and wine. the soup and bread was delicious just like your mom would make. my husband liked his quiche and the service was excellent. we ate here twice on our stay and enjoyed it a lot. they also had great looking desserts. i have had dinner here a couple of times - always excellent - and recently did my first brunch visit. as with its sister restaurant the wolseley the highlight of the delaunay is the atmosphere. you do feel transported to a bustling day in vienna. it is such a great mix of high quality yet relaxed. the food and the service are both fantastic. i enjoyed the pancakes for brunch and had an excellent flat white - a 7 out of 10 on the coffee front. this really is a restaurant for every meal. and the location is also great - we did brunch here before heading over to somerset house. we were visiting london to see my brother who was studying abroad there. since he had not done the "afternoon tea" experience, my research took me here to the delaunay.yes, this place is certainly upscale. it is "pink up" fancy. i almost felt a bit out of place but i knew what to expect as i have done other afternoon tea type experiences. for 20 or so pounds, i think you get a pretty good tea experience. what it includes is a tea selection/tea pot for each individual as well as a selection of sweet and savories such as little canapes, scones, etc. i thought i would love the savories a bit more but they left something to be desired. the sweets were quite good and came with whipped cream. the scones came warm came with a clotted cream and jelly which were quite good. waiters were attentive and brought refills of hot water for the tea pots.there were two nut allergies that we advised the waiters on. they sent a manager to personally speak with us about the accommodations they were making to prevent giving us anything with nuts. while this was a great experience, there was some confusion when the sweet and savories came to the table, the waiter mentioned pistachios on some of the desserts to which i had again reminded his that pistachios were nuts...the waiter left to go get the manager leaving us with the food that we were afraid to start on until we had more clarification. there was quite an awkward lull/wait until the manage came to explain that the "pistachio" items were actually "mint cream" but did not outwardly recognize that he had misspoken or made a mistake when explaining what was on the trays. this was a small hiccup but it did make my brother a bit nervous as he was the one with the severe nut allergy. everything was fine though as he tried every item and did not have any reactions to the selections. a few others around us were having afternoon teas as well as others were having either late lunch or early dinners. it was a fun and different kind of experience but i think i would try another spot next time i am in london. now. i can't actually remember what i ate here... it was very fancy and the service was top notch. as expected. all i can remember eating though is the desert. we got the salzburg souffl, impressive and an experience, but it does just taste like apricot egg air. we also got the banana split. which was disappointing. the chocolate sauce was super rich and over powered everything. you go for the experience more than anything. my friends and i had brunch here and it was a great solid place! i ordered the fried duck egg (8/10, tasty and on the slightly above average heavy side) and a green smoothie (didn't taste good but did the job of "refreshing" me haha). my friends ordered eggs florentine, eggs benedict and steak tartare (they liked their dishes). the ambiance of this place is conducive to a casual conversation, even while the place is large and usually decently packed. great solid brunch place. definitely would return! this restaurant was recommended to us by the concierge at the savoy and i'm glad he told us about it. i liked several items on the menu and couldn't decide so i asked the waiter for suggestions and he mentioned that the stroganoff was one of their specialties. (and it was one of the things i was considering) it was wonderful! so tasty! the service was also very pleasant. i also liked the dark wood cozy atmosphere and i felt the prices were reasonable. very convenient if you're going to the theater, too. a great place to have a pit stop near theatreland in covent garden. the cafe serves a delightful chicken schnitzel and a mean millefeuille. a tiny bit pricey but lovely surroundings. this a very nice restaurant in the theater district. very upscale looking interior, beautiful dcor.the menu is a very interesting mix of many style comfort foods with a german/austrian flare.the service was very good. nice wine list with an excellent selection of italian wines.i had the specialty hand made sausages with german potato salad and kraut. rockstar had the eggs benedict.nice experience finished off with amoretto coffee.the rating average was pulled down by the 2 star rating from someone who drank tea but did not experience the food. if you ever want to impress someone, take them here. don't go in the plebian entrance - you want the one on the corner of the street or you'll be redirected through. anyway, imagine an english balthazar with all your standard british fare done..just, well, just done right and extremely well. saying that, the oatmeal souffle (souffle? for breakfast!?) is superb. the service is absolutely top-notch, leaving me completely alone -- basically how i judge service these days to be honest -- until i realised i wanted to leave. the only thing that prevents a 5-star review is that the tea was 4.50 - this seemed a little out of place compared to the rest of the prices weren't that mad and i felt that irrational price pang there. although it does keep the riff-raff out. good riddance. this is a rather elegant restaurant with very good food and a very good wine list. it is open late at night, so can be visited after theater performances, which is what we did. the atmosphere was pleasantly low-key and the service very professional. my only reservation is that the cost is higher by about one-third than that of other restaurants of the same class in the same area. i was just here to order the crumpets i saw pictures of on yelp but they were not here. they said it is a special order with 48 hour notice? wtf. byeee quite possibly the best french toast i ever had. the place looks amazing. cappuccino, beautiful. very happy to have found this place. next time i am having salty breakfast. european style old charm coffee and tea parlor.have dinner menu as well.we came for coffee and pastries. cappuccinos, sacher torte, pain au chocolate, croisants, etc were delicious.service was corteous and prompt.i wanted to go back for the schnitzel.wien, wien nur du allein... bruch visit on 31st dec. we were able to get a table around bar area immediately. schnitzel and eggs were really good. would visit again soon. re. the counter: wonderful atmosphere, but found both a piece of plastic and then a small insect in my food. didn't complain bc i didn't want to play the loud american, but when server got my change wrong by ten pounds, i did complain. must go to for breakfast or lunch. a gorgeous place to be. lovely ambiance and friendly service. a different scene from all the hipster brunch spot popping up. this takes you back to a warm traditional interior. the food is good and the fresh juice of the day was excellent. ordered the arnold omelet. it was unique bc never had it before, but it was a bit mushy and wet in the inside for me. i poured a lot of tabasco bc there wasn't much of a flavor and taste to it. but it was still lovely! would recommend this place. you are given a specific amount of time to dine, but after eating, i suggest to go to the cafe connected next door for some coffee and or dessert. ever walked in to a restaurant and felt totally under dressed? well, i'm not i'll ever feel properly dressed for the delaunay!situated close to temple station, the grand entrance of the delaunay will make anyone feel like a superstar. our bags were swiftly taken by someone in exchange for a small numbered token, and we were taken to our table. we had reserved as we were a table of six, but there were plenty of other large tables around, so they were very accommodating. service is done in a very traditional manner, with an individual of the team taking each section of the order and then delivering it. our drinks order was taken quickly, then presented a little while later - a slight delay, but probably due to the cappuccinos taking longer to make, and their desire to ensure everything arrives at the same time.i had a pot of breakfast tea, served with a small tea strainer; the novelty of having 'proper tea' was initially slightly lost on me, though i enjoyed the theatrical nature of having a little implement to strain the tea leaves. the menu is larger than expected, though we were focused purely on the breakfast/brunch section. they appear to be known for their eggs benedict, which many of our party went for, but i opted for the pancakes with blueberries and creme fraiche. they were served in a perfect stack, with a layer of blueberry compote between each individual pancake; pancakes come in many forms, and these were some of the best i have had. the aforementioned layer of compote meant i didn't have to experience that slightly dry final few mouthfuls of many previous meals elsewhere, and there was enough creme fraiche to last for the whole stack. i was also presented with my own little jug of maple syrup.as a final flourish, my ever adorable parents (yes, that's you mum!) had mentioned my upcoming birthday, so i was delivered a little plate of lovely morsels upon the bill arriving. strawberry and lemon homemade marshmallows were zingy and fluffy, and turkish delight - mum's favourite! - went down with a smile.a real treat for when you're looking for something really special. absolutely excellent! server was attentive to our time constraints due to theatre tickets! hamburgers were cooked to perfection! i chose a dinner salad and was pleasantly surprised at the variety of vegetables included! gorgeous european old world charm! we were pleased to find this venue is the sister to the worsley on piccadilly! the corner entrance made one feel special! the delaunay reminds me a lot of the wolseley. i still like the food and decor better at the latter, but this place isn't bad. we were here for breakfast. while it's famous for its classic english breakfast, the delaunay also has a wide variety of continental breakfast items (french pastries, vienna style coffee, etc). our waiter was very attentive and polite. no complaints about the service. the location is great. a few minutes walk from the temple station, near lse and covent garden, perfect for having a large fancy breakfast and then walk it off in covent garden shops nearby. came here for an early breakfast without a reservation and was eagerly seen to, even though it was already filling up. inside is beautifully set and a generous amount of space given between tables.i ended up going for the omelette arnold bennett which was incredible. eggs slightly scrambled in a bowl that must've been put under a grill to crisp up the top. so when you dive, in it's still a bit runny and creamy underneath. would highly recommend. (visit 03/07/2015 breakfast) excellent food & service! we were very pleased! my husband had the fillet of beef stroganoff and i the chicken schnitzel with the grilled vegetable salad--yum yum yum! good viennese style coffee for a meeting. not cheap. and i hear the food is good. gorgeous inside. went for a full-course dinner, and everything was lovely. i ordered the beetroot salad for starter which i absolutely enjoyed. it was fresh and served in healthy portions. then, i ordered the chicken schnitzel. it was solid and a big portion as well, but i made the mistake of ordering it without any sides -- be sure to order something with it if you want to enjoy it to the fullest! ambience was posh and sophisticated. perfect for dinners with beloved ones on special occasion. finally, service was also prompt. well-trained and knowledgeable staff to pamper your throughout your meal. all in all, a great place, and i'd be happy to go back! i love the delaunay, it is one of my favorite restaurants in london. the decor is lovely and the service is impeccable. they have a fantastic european menu (the schnitzel is divine!). i also love the elegant table settings. excellent atmosphere inside/outside. like having a coffee in paris! nice cappuccino/great for breakfast.try sausage sandwich or croissant with cheese/tomato. even the music is so relaxing... went for an early breakfast one morning and our meal was great. i ordered the pancakes with blueberry compote and an english breakfast tea. the other person in my party ordered one of the egg sandwiches. both were delicious. the portions were large and the tea was strong.the service was prompt and professional. we were dining in a hurry and the waiters took our order and brought out our food quickly. the atmosphere felt very sophisticated, as there were all sorts of business people having early morning breakfasts and meetings. remember to dress nicely! came here for bookclub brunch and was pleased with the service and food. the space itself is quite dignified but there was adorable half-japanese moppet running around and they were graciousness itself with him. i would thoroughly recommend the rosti - huge portions and satisfyingly presented, if a teeny bit greasy. the girls who had the avo-on-toast were also very happy. would totally return with a posh adult if i was in need of classy surroundings! especial kudos to the lovely staff! i really liked the atmosphere for the restaurant and it was the perfect location before the theater. the wait staff were kind, the chips were good and the mummy's sausages were delicious. the cheapest red plonk carafe they recommended me was also perfectly (if not deliciously) quaffable.why then, oh? why only 3 stars?you know that time heston blumenthal introduced me to amazing steak? and how cooking illustrated taught me how to make amazing steak that is perfectly well done and crispy on the outside? (erm, it's ok, i don't expect you to know that. but their steak tip works every single time- mix corn flour and salt and pepper together and lightly coat the steak and stick in freezer for 10 minutes- take out and immediately put on hot grill or sizzling clarified butter- voila! cripsy steak on the outside, rare in the middle! simple!)anyways, i seem to have developed a distaste for steak with not beautifully cooked outside while still alive in the middle. there is really only so much you can do without completely over cooking an un-sous vide steak over a less than sizzling griddle. it was soft soft soft. i want texture. which came in chewy grizzlyness. no, not that texture... the crispy melting texture...yeah, the steak tots lost you 1.5 stars. soz.	0	1	1	0	0
 lovely quiet relaxing outdoor space for a drink & a catch up. magnificent views over london with many areas to explore, sit at a table with a couple of friends or stand on the garden terrace with a group. perfect spot for after work drinks. they do have a restaurant as well, but i just had drinks in the sunshine as it was a rare sunny day! the decor of the restaurant was fabulous, as were the restrooms! definitely one to keep in mind during the sunnier months. a nice restaurant that is next to the bank of england. they have a nice wine list and a good set of hosts. i came here months ago with a friend who was a regular of coq d'argent and was always raving about the place so i was looking forward to giving it a try myself.we came for lunch and decided to do the three course set menu which was 32pp.for entree i chose the fromage de chvre while my friend opted for the escargot. for mains we both chose the souris d'agneau - aka lamb shank with potato pure. and for desert we both chose the tarte au chocolat souffl.my entree was my least favourite out of the three. the lamb shank was cooked perfectly and the pure was velvety smooth. the dessert was delicious. but i admit i am a sucker for chocolate souffls!service was excellent and efficient. we also caught a glimpse of a few members of towie (for those of you who watch itv) sitting at a table nearby.great upmarket spot for lunch, would highly recommend. great choice for a date night or birthday treat!convenient location, set menus as well as a la carte, friendly attentive staff and relaxed atmosphere, what more could you want!i took my partner here for a brunch treat and had planned it completely forgetting that it was mother's day weekend (oops). this meant that brunch was set menu only, but this wasn't a problem as the set menu was quite extensive and had all the dishes we wanted anyway! the only difference was that the prices had been marked up by about 8 pounds per person.despite this, i still feel it was a good deal for three very well executed courses that tasted as good as they looked. i had the goats cheese and black olive tart, the black truffle risotto and the green apple parfait. each one was delicious and the green apple parfait is coated in green coloured white chocolate and designed to actually look like an apple on a plate. amazing!i'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu! the "money rooster" (yes, that is the literal translation) is well placed by the bank of england. perhaps all kinds of topics on interest rates, inflation indicators and other money speak is happening on a rooftop, which has it's own notoriety. the lifts which will take you up to a nice escape from the mess around bank station. i overheard the lead of the wait staff on this day, speak about the prioritising the customer experience. clearly, they are trying their best to help us forget the machinations of the world economy. i like the restaurant's layout and decor, it is tastefully done. a classical french meal a very nice wine selection indeed. the service is was very good to us. for example, our first bottle had gone bad, and they made it a very low fuss situation. it allowed us to have a great lunch, and we probably did have a bit too much wine, but heck when you're on it, you're on it.i would come back for business meals and drinks on the rooftop again. had lunch here with a friend one cold february day and really enjoyed this light and airy space on the roof of no 1 poultry, just a couple of minutes walk from the bank of england. too cold to sit outside though the smokers were braving it under the heaters, and they provide blankets too! our set price lunch on the evening standard deal - an annual promotion worth looking out for - was very good value though trying to find a bottle of wine under 30 was hard. we ate in the grill which is less formal than the restaurant and right by the bar. tables next to the window look out on the terrace and the service was good. the set menu food was tasty and, as importantly, affordable and included an aperitif. in the summer the terrace looks like a great place to meet for drinks - if you earn a city salary... yassss it's so good for their roof terrace!long story short: service - good. quality of the food -good but slightly overpriced. wines - ok. gin tonics - well you can't go wrong with that, now can you?! ladies en gentlemen, go here for their roof terrace! take the lift downstairs (follow the signs), go up and never leave. definitely go there as early as you can as it gets quite busy post-work-hours and soak up the sun (and g&ts). do it!! came here for mothers day and boy what a treat! the food was amazing, the service was impeccable (even tho my kid was running around like a crazy person) and decor is simple but nice. overall a lovely experience and would go again. only complaint was the artichoke mousse thing was a underwhelming, perhaps it was a bit too subtle. can't really remember what else we ate as it was a long time ago and i've got baby brain. sorry. massively impressed with my evening at coq d'argent.- very nice setting - the rooftop has an especially nice atmosphere :)- great location; a minute walk from bank station, lots of places nearby to go for a drink after- very attentive and friendly staff- excellent value for money. we had the set 3 course menu for two people - including champagne, drinks, service etc, bill was under 100. for the evening that we had, this is amazing.the food that we had all looked and tasted fantastic. in particular, the jerusalem artichoke veloute was a standout dish.this was simply the best meal i've eaten out this year, bravo! fab location and view (from viewing platform). the food and drinks are not cheap but priced about right for the area and location. when i visited the service was slow but it was extremely busy. my food was really tasty and cooked just the way salmon should be. my friends also really enjoyed their food. the portable card machine wasn't working which meant that we had to form a queue by the serving station to pay, not a huge grumble but the terrace has very limited standing space and i felt like i was disturbing other diners. one of my favourite places for brunch on a saturday morning. if you're happy to spend a little extra (maybe for a special occasion or something similar) you certainly won't be disappointed with the quality and execution of the menu, ambience, service and beautiful panoramic views of the city. the rooftop balcony at coq d'argent is amazing. the view is absolutely stunning and the venue itself is large, which is a great way to avoid overcrowding. the drinks were reasonably priced for london rooftops, although my friends and i waited a long time to be served at the bar (there was a long queue). the crowd is quite mixed, but mostly consists of people coming straight from work. the staff are friendly are overall you get a good value for money. no entry free! just check in advance to see that there are no private parties going on when you plan to go. i struggled to originally find the place as i was looking for a conventional door and then realised access was through its own private elevator. i came for an quick early breakfast and was surprised to find it very quiet compared to other local establishment at the same time. service was very friendly on arrival and my waitress was fun and bubbly, even with it being very early.i ended up getting the scrambled egg with smoked salmon and brioche. salmon was great quality and eggs were perfectly cooked, slightly runny but very creamy. the brioche was average and i seemed to get the end, likely because i was one of the first in the restaurant. i would recommend and will be coming back to try the other menus. (visit - 22/10/2015 breakfast) my friends and i came here for dinner on friday night in the winter, despite the restaurant's popularity for its roof terrace in the summer. no one was outside, but you could see the nice foliage and the outdoor tables, and inside it was very busy and lively. they have an amazing raw seafood selection on ice right behind the reception when you arrive. it took an unusually long time for the two people there to process the coats of the 5 of us who had just come up the lift, but shortly thereafter we were seated at a nice table right near the entrance.we ordered from the set menu, which is 28 pounds for 2 courses and 32 pounds for 3. i thought that was surprisingly affordable. i ordered the escargots and slow cooked lamb shank, and my dining companions got the jerusalem artichoke veloute and the sea bass, and the black truffle risotto and the apple parfait. i really enjoyed my escargots and my friend said the veloute was solid, but the real standouts were mains, the lamb shank and the black truffle risotto. they were such large portions and the lamb shank was completely falling off the bone, and the black truffle risotto was to die for. the sea bass was recommended by the server, but that paled in comparison to our two other choices. and to finish it off, the apple parfait was simply stunning. it looks like a granny smith apple, but that's really white chocolate colored green and there is a sour apple cream inside. it was such a novelty! i thought the restaurant was exceptionally good value and i would definitely recommend it for an affordable nice dinner. we didn't get to enjoy a view or the garden area, but that's just another reason to return in the summer! the dinner i had at coq d'argent highly disappointed me. the location is great, the view is awesome, but we should have stopped at drinks on the terrace, maybe with some bar snacks. the dinner was in fact mediocre, food wasn't tasty and the service was very poor. not only waiters were slow to serve or notice that you were asking for they attention, but they weren't even very polite and kind. prices are actually not bad for such a place and that explains why the dining room is so crowded. taking off a few tables wouldn't really hurt the profit, and would make the atmosphere a lot nicer. however, if you still want to cater for so many people, please add some toilets! i never had to queue to use the toilet in a restaurant before and also not in a dirty ladies. by 10pm the ladies was messy with hand towels on the floor. disappointing and definitely not worth it unfortunately. came here for a work celebration and the best part was it didn't cost me a thing. having no idea of the price and having such a great time with my work colleagues including free food and drink there is nothing bad i could possibly say.upon arrival we were greeted with a drinks reception, which was outside. thankfully there were heaters to keep us warm. the staff re-filled our champagne glasses as we chatted away until it was time to be seated inside. when we got inside they took our coats into the cloakroom and gave us a ticket.we were served 3 courses, starting with beef cheek ballotine and foie gras followed by lamb shank and mash and lastly bitter chocolate fondant and praline ice cream. as we ate they constantly topped up our glasses with wine, this made it very difficult to count how many i was drinking and was definitely getting merry towards the end.they finished by bringing us coffee, you think this may be to sober us up - unfortunately mine seemed like a cup of froth, then they offered us a spirit and as i was in hight spirits myself i couldn't turn it down. at the same time the team also had some more champagne which i ended up with a glass of, so i was sat there with three glasses of alcohol in front of me wondering how i was going to finish it all.all in all great night and look forward to going back to explore the balcony when the weather is a bit better reviewing only the experience of popping up for a drink. the best part is the fancy elevator going up. we popped up for drinks and even with three bartenders the wait was intolerable. the view is lovely but the tables set up seem rather cheap. it'd be lovely for a seaside patio but this is in the city. this place is amazing. it was my first time in london and my friend and i went up to the rooftop for drinks. peter (best waitor ever) made sure we had the best service and such a great experience. he is the best! came here on a friday night, busy time but a good mix of people, from regulars to business diners to groups of friends. busy, but not overwhelmingly so - the bar wasn't overcrowded at all. i can see that changing when the outdoor terrace is a bit less cold. the elevators are inside the building - good signs, but you kind of have to know where you are going.they have multiple set menus as well as the a la carte version, kind of a cool idea i think - makes the choices easier, and all/most of the items just come off the main menus anyway. we ended up choosing a set menu, and it was an excellent choice.service is excellent. attentive but not overbearing staff, great communication about kitchen timing, etc. the sommelier was a bit pushy at the beginning of the meal, but very nice and i think just wanted to make sure that we had choice.food was well done, rich, and full of flavor. we lapped up every bite. portions were on the small side, but perfect - because the food was so rich. we tried a rabbit dish, and a lamb shank. the lamb was fall off the bone, and both meat dishes were cooked to the right temperature.i'm sure we could pick at something, but overall the experience was great. note that it is expensive, so not great value. but - knowing that is was going to be overpriced going in helps - so not docking for that. enjoyable evening for sure. the scene is beautiful. beautiful well dressed londoners. beautiful views and really nice patio space but a little smoky in the drink part. if you dine outside in the fancy restaurant, there is a canopy over your head if you are worried about the london weather. i found the service to be pretty mixed. i think most parties are there for business so no one complains. they have a smart setup where you start a tab with a credit card and they give you a new card that you can present around the place to order more drinks so you can wander about.  food wasn't bad but maybe more fun for pre or post dinner drinks? this spot is a great all-around restaurant serving french cuisine in the city of london. the ambience is casual but sophisticated, and the food is on point. i shared escargots as a starter (soaked in butter and delicious). for my main course, i had the filet de bf and it did not disappoint! my co-workers also enjoyed their meals very much. one tip is that the restaurant has a reasonably priced set menu.and the venue has a heated outdoor terrace that looks like a great place for a drink. i'll be back next time i'm in london! dinner started off with a carpaccio. the interesting addition on to this particular dish was mushrooms that were pickled a little bit. the plating was really elegant and the pickling of those mushrooms was a great way to introduce some acid into the dish.for the main course i had the duck. the duck was tender and was accompanied by a rich orange sauce. it was very tender and juicy and didn't seem greasy at all despite the confit method of preparation. i did order the potatoes dauphinoise as a side to go along with my main course. unfortunately, the potatoes were just slightly cold. i didn't mind that much since they took them off of the bill and gave me fries instead (due to the time it would take to cook another gratian).  the highlight of the meal was the dessert though which was one of the best that i've ever had. i started and ended my meal with a carpaccio and my dessert would be this awesome pineapple carpaccio. it was sublime. you had the fresh pinapple along with this wonderful vodka lime foam that provided a little bit of tartness in order to balance out the sweetness of the coconut ice cream. this dish made the experience here more than worth while and i'm glad i was convinced to spend the extra 3 for the three course set menu. coq d'argent holds a special place in my heart, as my darling husband and i wandered a few streets from his office to find this lovely spot, complete with rooftop terrace and sweeping views of the city, when our first option was closed.admittedly, i'm a shameless francophile, namely for the cuisine. i must admit i was not expecting such gorgeous food in this restaurant - their desserts are ah-maz-ing.the restaurant had smooth, elegant service and the food was served beautifully. i would have to say my memory can still taste the dessert - their bitter chocolate fondant (au rhum caramel) is absolute perfection. they offer set menus, which are actually quite reasonable for london - 29 for 3 courses (don't skip the dessert - seriously!). the food is very rich - you will love it if you have a taste for french cuisine, and it will not break the bank for regular visits. i fancy that most locals love this place for the views and the garden (as do i) but i really love the interior decor of the big wooden door leading out to the patio and the inner circular walking area around the bar. the view here is solid (by london standards, not by nyc standards) but given the local weather, your days are limited to really soak in the ambiance and sun here. luckily for me i endured 5 days of sunshine during my trip to london last summer. i expected to see tourists here during lunch time during the week but instead i encountered business professionals drinking beers in suits. welcome to london. coq d'argent's name makes reference to its city location atop post-modern no.1 poultry. you have to ride an elevator up, which is a bit hard to spot as it's somewhat tucked away from the street. once you reach the rooftop, however, let the key selling point embrace you: the truly breathtaking and spectacular view of the city and beyond. i came here with a friend recently for sunday lunch, and for 28 per person, the 3-course prix fixe menu is exceptionally good value for city dining. i enjoyed the salmon rillettes, the glazed pork cheeks, and the cheese plate (4 supplement). coq d'argent has been around for quite a while (i first came here in 2002), and it remains a favored place for a power lunch or business dinner in the city. the outdoor terrace is a popular spot for evening drinks. on this sunday, we were the first people there, and at that time the place was mostly empty. with a jazz band playing in the background; courteous, unobtrusive service; and the gorgeous view pretty much to ourselves, it was a perfect way to ease into a weekend day. you know when people complain about expensive restaurants being more hype then substance and not worth the money? well this place would back their claim.it was on a gorgeous sunny afternoon that we checked out this city establishment. famous for having a rooftop garden with incredible views of london, that did indeed not disappoint. but that was the only thing that lived up to the reputation. the rest was about as lack luster as it gets. starting with the reception upstairs where the hostess was unhelpful and not answering the question asked of her, directed us to another hostess. clearly greeting people is a hard job. having arrived early we did enjoy drinks of the rooftop garden which was splendid, before entering a very noisy dining room. very noisy. i don't know how city business can possibly be conducted over a power lunch here as i could barely hear the person sitting next to me. the space itself was comfortable and modern but because of the noise one really doesn't feel comfortable. the food was less then spectacular, and at these prices it should be. it wasn't even good. our starters were ok, but not exciting. our mains were a serious disappointment. i had the beef wellington which the waitress herself said the chef recommended medium rare -which was what i wanted. it arrived well done. when it was pointed out to another waiter he just looked at me, clueless. maybe it was only his job to ask how the meal was but not do anything about it or even comment on it for that matter. the meal was so disappointing we didn't even want dessert. its been a while since i had a restaurant experience i considered a total waste of time, so i would suggest that others not waste their time their either. went here for a celebratory lunch with a partner after closing a huge deal.  the good was good. started with the foie gras (banned in california so i have to get it outside). preparation was different in that it was a paste but the taste was very nice.  went on to the duck which was wonderfully prepared and very soft. ended with the berry desert which was very large and one that i shared. definitely a nice place to eat. came here for the rooftop bar with a friend on the friday preceding a long weekend. the weather was gorgeous and the mood was light, as the weekend was upon us. this all translated into a great experience, as the place wasn't too crowded (which it probably would be on a typical friday night).the bars along the outside of the restaurant only offer a fraction of what can be made at the main bar - so i would recommend going to the main bar for drinks and then making your way out to the open air gardens. the grass in the garden is a nice touch, and made the surrounding concrete that much more friendly - and the mast that extends upwards does give the whole garden have a ship/submarine feel to it.nice people, good cocktails, manageable noise levels, breathtaking scenery as the sun set upon london. not much more you can ask for on a friday night.this is definitely a place that you will want to go to, but that being said a lot of people probably go to it. when you can find that end-of-summer night where it's not packed, you've struck gold. very nice food, friendly service. delicious topinambour tortellini with truffle as a starter, followed by rib eyed steak and apple/berry crumble. only remark is that the place is in reality not as posh as one might suspect or expect from the website. that turned out to be very much ok for us, but other guests could be disappointed. update: maintaining the 3 stars. here's why:100 for a $40 bottle of california pinot? i think the list needs some work.fundamentally, this is the thing. the cocktails are just ok. the food is really rather fabulous. they do things here well, but at the end of the day.. go on someone else's dime. for the money, you're far better off, say, getting eurostar tickets and eating in lille. the martinis still don't cut it. why? how hard is it? i learned how to make a decent one while becoming a burgeoning alcoholic student.	0	1	1	0	1
 i have been coming to this restaurant since i was a baby. i am now 35 and have eaten 100s of times at la famiglia. it's great in every way and never changes... long may it stay exactly as it is!the food is superb, staff always friendly. a good atmosphere, lots of locals which i like. however big and trendy london gets, this part of chelsea still retains a local atmosphere, which reminds me of my childhood. la famiglia is especially great for this along with some other places such as pj's on the fulham road, another chelsea institution.la famiglia is simple and uncomplicated. does what one would expect and does it very well. so you know that feeling that you get when you're on a euro holiday and you have to stop at the closest restaurant because the person that you are travelling with is getting hangry (angry because they are hungry) and this particular restaurant that you have stopped at just happens to be on 'grand place' tourist trap rip off danger zone? well that's how i felt going to this place. first warning sign: there are no prices on the online menu. second warning sign: there are bread sticks in plastic packets.third warning sign: they offer you sparkling water only and you must insist on tap water. fourth warning sign: the menu is soooooooooo long. fifth warning sign: oh yes we do corkage. bang. 25. and last and final warning: 1.95 per person cover charge. weird.also i have a bit of a thing against white table cloths. and it's full of the things. the staff are pretty attentive but in a weird sleazy way. we got told about the affair that our waiter is having with a married woman. then he proceeded to undress my friend with his eyes. seriously.the menu offers you pretty much all of the items you can think of when you close your eyes and think of italy. the pasta in a 'large' size is not really that large and will set you back around 14-16. it's well cooked and flavoursome but lack some serious colour/herbs/anything green. the risotto was nice. actually everything was nice. but nice in a cafe on a high street way, not in a fine dining way and you are paying borderline fine dining prices. meal highlight: we got a whole bowl of cheap packet parmesan to sprinkle as we please over our meals. to be fair, the wine list does offer a lot of wines between 20-25, but they a little on the pub wine style of things. meanwhile, they have a dessert cart. this place looks good from the outside but i have to say our experience left much to be deserved - we were seated in the "tented garden" section at the back where the temperature varied (wasn't a warm night even in june) and the noise level was high.the sardines did not seem fresh to us with no aroma and no flavour although the sea bass was very good if a tad cold on the plate (always better to have cooked food placed on warm plates).the big issue was unfortunately it took an hour to get our main courses (by then we were willing to leave without eating) apparently because they were busy, but the chef who came to apologise (as did the waiter & the manager) advised the ticket fell on the floor & got lost.so they tried to recover the situation but we will not be returning.... ok, honestly, i don't get the raving reviews. i want to, i just... why?yes, this is a charming spot with a real feel of an italian family cooking their age-old recipes. there's a terrible american chain called olive garden who tries to do the same thing and their slogan is, "when you're here, you're family." at least this spot does it better.however, everything else was so underwhelming. not bad, just...eh. this place is huge. monstrously gigantic. we kept walking back and back and found more sears and tables everywhere. eventually, we were sat in a very nice outdoor tent and with the rain coming down as we could hear it, that was beautiful. otherwise, it was your normal heated blue and white tent.what i really didn't like was being nickled and dimed from the beginning. right away, there is an almost 2 cover charge per person. a what? to eat? i don't pay cover charges at a bar, much less at a restaurant. but they only let you know this on the manu once you're sitting, so where are you supposed to go at this point? there's also packaged breadsticks on the table (which they charge you for if you open). they asked if we wanted something to drink and we said tap water. they brought over a bottle of sparkling, the same one that everyone else in the restaurant was drinking, and cracked it before we could say anything. seriously, i know your family is supposed to hit you up for money, but this is taking it one step to far.the food was fine. i got the carbonara which was ok, a little too bland for my taste though and i kept having to put more cheese on top of it. we also tried the frid mozzarella in tomato sauce and that was delicious - warm and crispy on the outside and gooey in the inside. mmm. nice.they do take your coat and umbrella at the door and hold it for you through the meal, which was a really nice touch.overall, i wanted something amazing and walked away with a slight disappointment. huh, i guess it is like a family gather after all. an affordable restaurant in chelsea. no, you read that correctly. it's not science fiction. fine tuscan food. i particularly enjoyed the lamb. the dessert cart is stunning. but what sets this restaurant apart is the exceptional, friendly, and fun service. there were three children of various ages in our party, and they were treated with respect and warmth. (i saw children in other parties treated similarly.) i recommend this convivial, modestly priced eatery. i like la famiglia far more than i should. they have 2 'rooms'. one, a normal if slightly tired front space, and the other, a heated tent. the front is reserved for regulars and the ghosts of celebrities who used to frequent many many years ago, but whose legacy is rememberd freshly by the staff (who behave as if it is still a haunt of these long dead, long forgotten celebs).food is really quite excellent for a neighbourhood italian, and if the plating and presentation were improved perhaps would be fine enough to be served somewhere 'good'. however, the tent room is a dump and the servers are utter assholes. it's reasonably cheap, and the food is good.go, but expect to be treated like shit, and if you're anything like me, be a complete prick back to them, and enjoy the animosity (and the very good food). a very warm and friendly place full of italian atmosfhere providing deliciuos food ! i was there several times in different years and each time it was superb! just looking forward to going back asap! i love this restaurant. located on a quiet street in chelsea. authentic italian cuisine, wonderful food, and warm, down home service. la famiglia strikes me as a place that was once a london hot spot. it has the charm of an authentic / cheesy italian restaurant, and the servers all have an incredible amount of character and couldn't be nicer!as for the food, we got two dishes, spicy tomato penne and pappardelle with wild boar sauce - both were fine, but not impressive. the black olive spread served with the bread was delicious, but the bread was a bit boring.another knock was the cover charge that showed up on our bill - i can never understand why i am paying a cover when we are paying for our meal. one other plus in addition to the service was that they do offer a few gluten-free pasta options. i've never ever in all my experiences had a server as accommodating who went above and beyond, and also the food was really very good. i dined with my aunt who is allergic to both garlic and onions, which makes it close to impossible to find dishes without either so there's always some sort of negotiating that has to happen. that being said, she's pretty flexible. but i digress, she ordered a salad and didn't like some of the ingredients which came up to about 1/3 of the salad. the waiter came by noticed she hadn't eaten all her salad and offered to bring her more greens and more of what she liked. then our starters came out. i had the boar pasta which was divine. it tasted like a dish someones grandmother spent all day preparing. i then split the boar meat dish with my hubby. i wasn't wild about it, but it was cooked perfectly and it the accompanying side dish was lovely. by then i was in boar overload and he ate most of it. also, i did have a glass of the house red and it was pretty good too. i have very mixed feelings. positive: - the people are typical (as far as i am concerned) italians. i quite like that. they were really nice and i think the service is good. they seemed a bit stressed but it was valentine's day so i am guessing they had a lot to do.- the restaurant itself is nice. it is not too posh and we felt really comfortable. - desert (canoli) was delicious.negative- table is really small- portions were really small- they charge for all the stuff they put on the table (bread, olive paste, and they include a service charge, per person)just fyi: for two mains a bottle of wine (middle range) one starter and one desert we paid 81. food was alright but not special. i am not going back there. too expensive for what it is. it's been said on the grapevine that this is the best italian restaurant in london. since i haven't tried them all, i'm going to withhold judgement. even so, it's a pity that i don't live in chelsea so that i can call la famiglia my second kitchen. it's delightfully italian, warm and inviting inside. it offers simple and classic dishes but there's not need to embellish a good thing. it definitely gets crowded in the evenings, so booking is advised. la famiglia is tucked slightly away from the main street so you'll need to keep your eyes open for it. the pastas are good, the red wines are perfect but the best part is the dessert cart oh my, the sweets! if you're looking for a cosy, charming, and inviting italian place for a relaxing sunday dinner with friends full of good friend and drink, come to la famiglia. la famiglia is a gem. i was taken here for a business lunch having no idea there was a perfectly quaint italian restaurant tucked just off the kings road. the menu is fresh, seasonal yet extensive. everyone will find something that suits their taste, and walk away replete and satisfied. i highly recommend their specials, and dinning in the patio in the summer. my bf has been coming here with his family since he was a toddler, and is a huge fan of this place. so when he finally took me i was really impressed with the quality of the food, the friendly service, and atmosphere. on a nice sunny day, its perfect to sit outside underneath the blue/white striped umbrellas. most of the customers are from the chelsea neighborhood, so you won't find any tourists here!the service really reminds me of my time in italy - just very personable and friendly guys who are all related to eachother somehow. some highlights - lobster pasta, fried battered mozaarella, sea bass (very fresh!!), and pretty much all the dessert. i also like the olive tapenade that they give you in the beginning with your bread and bread sticks. great place for a nice sunday lunch in the sun =) this is a very local and charming restaurant, complete with italian staff. i had a great squid-ink risotto. creamy, delicious, simple, lots of squid. i am making myself hungry thinking about it now. the portion was gigantic. i was too full to order any dessert. my dining companions also thoroughly enjoyed their meals. i'll be back.gluten-free notes: from time to time, this place has gluten-free pasta. maybe call ahead to check, if you're interested. the staff knows all about gluten and are happy to advise you. it's nice to see that some things never change. la famiglia is one of them. it really does feel like a family run place and everyone makes you feel very welcome.not too busy on a tuesday lunchtime, so no need to book (or is this the first sign of the recession biting).the food was a little bit too rich & salty for my liking (melanzane, followed by grilled chicken with mustard sauce), my own fault for not opting for the risotto. the dessert trolley is a killer - i would love to come back for afternoon tea and try some of their cakes. great service, good pasta dishes.  kids welcomed. the best trattoria outside of italy. family run restaurant with friendly, attentive service and wonderful tuscan specialties. the gramigna all montanina pasta dish is exceptional, their dessert trolley a real treat. two things prompted me to think la famiglia would be an amazing restaurant before i even got to the table:1. the friend i was meeting for dinner, who has lived in rome and knows all the best places declared this "better than most of the restaurants you will find in italy".2. when i gave the cab driver the street address, he knew right away that i was going to la famiglia "that's the only reason anyone goes to langton street - it's the best italian in the city."he could be right. we sat outside on the charming back patio and drank a bottle of tuscan wine, followed by fried zucchini and angel hair pasta with fresh shaved truffles. it was melt in your mouth delicious, the kind where it's so good you don't even notice that you've eaten it all until it's gone. i had calf's liver in sage sauce while my friend had scallops wrapped in bacon - both were fantastic. after i left i knew this place was a gem because part of me didn't want to yelp it - too good to share. but it would be criminal not to tell other foodies about this place. just save me a seat on the patio. excellent food, big portions, and not too expensive! what more can you ask for? very authentic italian with a modern flair. do not sit in the back room if you are over 30...you won't be able to hear yourself think! front room is very nice. who doesn't love the pleasures of eating good italian food? this london restaurant specializes in tuscan delights, such as amazing risotto al tartufo, mouth-watering polentas and the florentine-favorite trippa alla fiorentina. the fiori di zucca will send you over the moon. the typically ubiquitous tiramisu is anything but prosaic here! the wait staff is really from italy and delightfully flirty and very attentive. it is a charming location for a date, or to celebrate an anniversary, birthday or graduation... as for me, i go because it is fabulous! this is one of the best italian restaurants in london. the place is very tight and the service is a bit "italian" but overall it is excellent. it is in chelsea so a black cab home can be a bit difficult, but i am finding that there are some privates around...fried calamari is excellentgreat traditional dishes... recommend...not for kids really.... my most favourite restaurant, and a chelsea institution. i order something different every time- and it is always delicious- right down to the olive oil. been delighting diners for years. a little bit of tuscany in chelsea. the food is memorable.the service is excellent (i left a huge tip)the desert trolley is worth saving space for. not the cheapest of italian meals, but certainly one you'll remember for a very long time. a lovely place for dinner. excellent food and service. i love the place. ideal for a date!staff was perfect in finding the right balance between discretion, advice and doing their work. for less than 60 for an excellent dinner with dessert and wine, totally worth the experience. great, authentic italian food and reasonably priced. deserts were stunning. if you get a table, get it at the front of the restaurant - the back lacks a nice atmosphere a nice cosy italian restaurant that offers an excellent selection of top quality seasonal meals. their mushroom risotto was certainly among the best i ever had and the seafood starters i tried were all excellent as well. the duck flavoured with the delicious sweet sauce for the main was also outstanding. there is generally a good variety of pasta and other meat dishes on offer too. and the tiramisu for desert was truly exceptional, producing sweet overtones at just the right level. and while the general setting is fairly simple, as one would often find in family run italian restaurants, the quality of the food and the attitude of the very friendly staff generate a very pleasant atmosphere. overall, this place is probably among the best one can find for high class authentic italian cuisine. great fun, busy restaurant with good food in a nice area. la famiglia is lovely, but you do get the feeling that the regulars get the rolls royce treatment, and everyone else gets skoda. allocation of tables is just one example where i suspect this happens. the food is expensive but it's good. and you really do feel like you've been transported to tuscany when you go there. i've been going to this restaurant for 20 years but i won't be going anymore. perhaps it's because i had terrible service - bordering on rude - despite having been a faithful customer. perhaps it's because the food used to be so much better. or, more to the point, i've recently discovered a fantastic neighbourhood restaurant that's everything that la famiglia used to be in its heyday and more... but i'll keep that little gem to myself, so as to make sure i can get myself a table ;)	1	0	1	0	1
 loved this not so little spot! it's deceptively large! from the outside it looks small, but upon entering, it's almost as if you're entering a grand casino in las vegas and you're not quite sure if it's night or day! it's pretty flashy and there's tons of space! what an awesome place to host an event! the ambiance alone was worth the visit - and it was not even on a night they had live entertainment - i can only imagine how amazing it would be then!the service was terrific - prompt and friendly from start to finish. from hostesses to servers to management stopping to say hello and ensure we enjoyed our meals. drinks were strong, food was not only delicious but the presentation was so well done, you almost didn't want to eat it! and - let's not forget how gorgeous and decadent the dessert was! i'd come back here in a heartbeat! it's a little on the pricey side, but ths is one instance i did not mind as you certainly get what you pay for. one of my favorite stops in london, for sure.....so glad the concierge at the cavendish recommended it! this is a mini trip back in time.if you have a spare feather lying around or you can style your hair accordingly, id suggest you do so make things more interesting.i felt like i was in the 1920's. everything from the decor to the performers made the evening's theme complete.the food was delicious.i had zero complaints, and from what ive been told i can be "critical and harsh" in my friend's terms, so not finding any faults is pretty much . . . . well, shocking.i had the cured salmon starter which was light, and extremely well balanced. not only did it please my palate but it also flirted with my eyes.damn, i could do with eating it right now! *slams fist on table*the main was equally flavoursome, and the banana parfait dessert blew me away.the staff were so accommodating, smiling, opening doors, gently placing the napkins on our laps. although that was just one guy, and we were looking rather good that night so i cant guarantee everyone will have the same experience lol i loved it.i cant wait to go back. the girls and i like to get together once a week or more for dinner and drinks in our local haunt which is mayfair...last night we picked quaglino's .... perfection.we headed to their new gin joint and had a few cocktails to get the night started. we were serenaded by a beautiful singer who sang like a gah damn angel! though two of the cocktails were lacking in depth & dimension there was one we all adored. a few cocktails later we were seated for dinner and boy that was top notch service.. our napkins were placed on our laps for us by a handsome and well trained waiter, then we were given a choice of rich wines to choose from. the food? bloody hell it was devine! everything we had was simply gorgeous!refined and classically beautiful in every way. we tucked into our meals whilst enjoying more live 1920's style entertainment. the dancers and singers were lovely and we enjoyed the show tremendously. i felt like i was back in paris at the moulin rouge.they never left our glasses empty which was also lovely. its like they knew just when you wanted more and when you didn't.the banana parfait is to dieeeeee for .... i mean everything we had was ... defo one of my fav spots now!oh and before i forget they have someone who opens the doors for you to enter the ladies ... ahhhhh perfection lovely dinner! worth the 30 set menu price with bubbly to go with! good live music aswell while eating dinner. overall a great entertaining night! :-) one of the best dinner meals i've ever had! from the amazing drinks to the great steak and then to the wonderful desserts...we really had no complaints! the service was also impeccable and we truly felt we were cared for and attended to at all the perfect times! to top that off, we came a night where they had a live female trio group who performed throughout the night to make the experience even more memorable! this was my first time here and i definitely would love to come back in the future! a friend and i went here to try out their 20 menu offer. they had a good selection on their menu and we decided to go for the fish main. the restaurant is well hidden i think i never knew it existed in that area despite having been to quite a few restaurants there. their a la carte menu is much better than the set menu definitely and the restaurant is classy looking and spacious. dim lights set a romantic and cosy seen which is nice again whether with friends/family. well if i ever had to give 5 stars this is the joint! if i could give it 5 more i would. what can i say from the moment you walk in to the moment we left it was that feeling you get that you just want to keep with you. from the ambiance, food , vibe, hand crafted cocktails from real mixologists who take absolute pride in their swag as they pour, to the entertainment all gets 5 stars from gloria. all i have to say is "bravo" well done quaglino's!!! . all that was missing was my dear friend dc. this is a must if you are visiting, live here, or just looking for that special night you won't be disappointed until you have to leave. no bs it's really that good. i never miss this place when i'm visiting dear friends here. i had the dover sole which was just absolutely delightful !! dessert?? just go in all the way because.all i say is mmmmm without the guilt!! well it's off to the savoy for a nightcap for this ole hag and as always may god bless. gloria over and out! we only came in for lunch on good friday and it was very quiet so i can't speak for the weekend nighttime experience but the service, food and decor all came together for a fantastic lunch. i had the lobster biscotti to start and my wife had the 63degree egg which was something we hadn't seen before, both were delicious. the confit duck and sirloin steak we had as mains were equally as good and we shared a cheese board for desert and were impressed with the wide selection on the cheese trolley.we will definitely be back and will likely try and experience the nighttime scene. such a fun place to have dinner. the design and decorations are fantastic. we didn't go on the night they had entertainment but it was still wonderful. the aubergine dish with the cabbage and spinach side was delicious. our server was super friendly, attentive and fun. i loved the big bar in the middle and all of the lighting. i would absolutely highly recommend having dinner here stylish & sexy.one of my fav venues in london. people come here who know how to dress appropriately for upmarket places. service is always with a smile and efficient.dined here at the weekend with some friends. yummy food (although my friends' soup was lacking a bit of salt & pepper), quick and friendly service. the drinks are always good here & give a nice buzz. the music was happening too, so we grooved for a good while here.there are two distinct areas to quaglino's the upstairs bar/lounge and the downstairs main restaurant. both glam but i actually prefer the bar area.make a reservation, this isn't your local pub that you can just fall into. they often have a musical act featured or something happening in there that will surely make you smile.top marks! the partner in crime and i were invited to try the new 1929 menu at quaglino's and we were certainly spoiled rotten!the hutch club 1929 menu, which includes six west mersea rock oysters and a glass of champagne to commemorate when quaglino's first opened its doors to a beautiful, decadent society crowd in 1929.this july, they are hiding a south sea ronirose pearl worth 2,000 in an oyster for one lucky diner to find. this takes inspiration from barbara cartland, who once found a pearl in her oyster while dining in the 1930s!! how lucky was she?!sadly we didn't find the pearl but the food was out of this world, and certainly made up for it!the six oysters were served with shallot vinegar that was divine, and being my first oyster experience i was a little nervous! after the first mouthful the nerves were gone, and i soon devoured all the oysters! my partner in crime was practically licking the shells clean he liked them so much!second course was the hutch crab & lobster burger, which i would put in my top 3 burgers of all time! i have never tried lobster either, and i enjoyed this so much! the chips were perfectly cooked and the sauce was amazing.i will certainly be returning with my parents who are serious seafood lovers! what a great meal we had! what to say! just superb !!! a lot of atmosfhere, lavish food and plenty of nice people attending! beautiful underground restaurant situated in the heart of london! amazing food, table services and posh dress code! prices are dear but are well worth the extra few pounds! fresh food and complimentary water! would come here again! great atmosphere, bar had a great buzz to it. we accidentally got champagne brought to our table. young boy had made the mistake but cleverly said that it was on the house to us. beautiful staircase. i had prawn cocktail with steak, cooked to perfection. lovely atmosphere. great for families with slightly older children, couples and greats of friends. beautiful decor. nice change. quaglino's is a restaurant with an identity crisis. italian name, french and english menu, a 1920s art deco inspired bar area and grand room that you descend into from equally grand stair. the main restaurant area has a dancehall feel to it, but also something a bit 90s about the decor too, easily remedied, perhaps, with a change to the lighting.our waitress was charming and humourous.the sommelier, however not so much. although we didn't use him to choose our wine, a barolo. when we asked his opinion of the wine he said "structured and tannic" throwaway labels that don't really give you much insight into what you're about to drink. i found the wine a bit minerally and metallic, not a flattering taste for red wine. had it been open for a while before serving i think it would have been much more quaffablewe both had the baked scallops to start, one with ham, one without for me. they were delicious, light and melt in the mouth soft, just as they should be. for main, i had the dover sole with jersey royal potatoes. the fish was amazing and the potatoes prepared perfectly, moist and sweet.  my friend had the rib eye with potato puree. he said the steak was adequate and we both agreed the potato was bland. so much so i doubt it had even been seasoned. neither of us were inspired by the desert menu.here's the thing, i do really like quaglino's. i can imagine it's a great venue for a large party. but, it's not of the standard for the prices on it;s menu. so, in the words of so many school teachers, it "must try harder" . i came here with friends for an evening standard dinner (i think it was 20 or 25 gbp) 3 courses with a glass of wine. the ambiance is weird....it is like being transformed to the late 90s. we sat down at the bar before our dinner and there was a dj and live violin duo that was unbearably loud. and very very weird in the music. we thought that once we left the bar area that it would be tolerable, but the music was so loud all night we couldn't have a dinner conversation.the space is big and airy and sort of cool but sort of passe and the big staircase down is a bit surreal. the food was just ok--smoked salmon belini starter was ordinary, roast chicken was on the dry side. the dessert however was really good--a cold chocolate fondant with lavender ice cream. i wouldn't go back..... the venue is impressive, a huge room in the ground, not given away by the quite humble entrance door.the service is very nice, as you should expect in such a nice venue.the menu is very innovative, and though the portions are rather small, the food is very tasty.i also like to judge a restaurant by the quality of its bathroom, and quaglino's is a very nice place to spend a few minutes of the evening :) .buon apetito ! i was told from my friend that this restaurant is really iconic in london. it's been around for many years but looks pretty modern and posh. we came in december so there's silver christmas trees all around which made the ambience really feel like the holidays. although it seems pretty swanky, the prices were decent. i ordered fish and chips because i was playing tourist, but it was actually really good. the batter was crispy, which did it for me. the tables are a bit close together so it's hard to squeeze in and out, but not a big deal. overall, really nice place, i'd take someone here if they were visiting. i couldn't find fault in this place. a relatively low-key glass entrance you go downstairs to the reception where you start off the evening with some drinks at what feels like a high end bar/drinking area. 9 for a g&t, about right for this sort of establishment. down a central staircase that makes you feel like you're on the titanic and it opens up to a vast eating area, one of the largest in london. the food is exceptional, foi gras and sea bass, with a chocolate brownie washed down with chablis. high quality food, good atmosphere for a thursday and not over the top expensive. one of my favourites, would recommend to anyone. my friend is throwing a party in a few weeks and she wants to impress her guests with a couple of creative cocktails rather than a limp gin and tonic. which is why we signed up for quaglino's cocktail club (20 including two complimentary cocktails), where you can learn cocktail knowledge from mixologist branislav ivanic.the talented ivanic introduced our group to the basic bar tending tools before distributing some fresh, quality ingredients (the core of any stellar cocktail) and demonstrating a number of special, summery tipples. then it was our turn to be let loose behind the bar. with ivanic's help, i learnt how to make a mean vodka martini and bloody mary, although my bottle juggling stunts left a lot to be desired. tom cruise in cocktail, i am not.still at the end of the 90 minute session, i was well on my way to becoming a cocktail connoisseur. whether i will be able to remember the recipes for my next soiree is another matter: expect to have poured plenty of booze down your throat by the time the night is through.to make a booking, call georgia on 020 7484 2005 when i stepped in, i wasn't expecting to be embraced by a generously proportioned subterranean lounge. the cavernous hall was a merge between james bond and the blitz era, complete with pianist. it was slightly empty when we got in (8pm), but then it fast began filling up. men in suits sipping lemon drops, ladies in gowns tucking into steaks, and some of the tired post shopping lot. there was a tonne of people watching to be had.i particularly enjoyed the service. i couldn't fault it at all. polite, and courteous with drinks (including tap water) magically filling up almost all by themselves as the staff floated around.but as for the important stuff... the food was pleasant overall. my starter was somewhat headachey, there were just too many flavours. honey, smoked meats, syrupy red pepper, plus a briney seafood flavoured salad. it was just confusing. i just hope they didn't run out of salad, and lift a handful of garnish from the fish counter.the list of mains wasn't very inspiring.  the whole menu was somewhat gastropubby and somewhat away from the fine dining experience they are trying to create. i went with grilled bass and beans. which really was just grilled fish and homemade baked beans. plus two pieces of arugula. some of the baked beans were burned, but i overlooked that as the whole thing tasted rather nice together.dessert was incredibly generously. i had a huge slab of sticky toffee which made up in burnt treacleness for all the moistness and fruit it was lacking.overall... i think they need new chefs and menus. the food is acceptable, but the incredible venue deserves more. i really liked this place. it might have been a bit over-priced (especially the drinks) for quality but i felt like i stepped into a 1930s film and only needed someone 'singing boogie woogie bugle boy' to make me feel completely on a time trip. quaglino's is a mayfair/pall mall restaurant a la old style dance hall and when i was there they had a man playing the piano with another playing a cello/bass, really nice. i also enjoyed that some people were really dressed up (there were a few people in tuxs!) and then people in jeans and winter boots. i don't know if they do , but to make this place a real hot spot it should offer dinner and dancing nights, would be fun to get all dolled up like a jitter bug and get my grove on.food was okay, not bad by any means but also nothing particularly memorable either although it was presented nicely... maybe i just really enjoyed the vibe but i'm sure i'll be back again, perhaps in particular when i have older relatives visit me as i'm sure they will enjoy the meal in memory lane. i went to quaglino's to celebrate a friend's birthday and we had a lovely time. the venue itself is rather stunning to look at and makes clever use of light to make you forget the fact that you are dining underground. the bar is typically elegant for this part of town - plus you get a great view of the rest of the people dining in the restaurant below you. the food was very good, but portions were on the small size for the one guy in our group. i had the pea soup and gilt head bream, both of which were tasty and filling. the star of the show, however, was the eton mess for dessert which was utterly divine and tasted ridiculously indulgent. as it was my friend's birthday we had brought him a cake - we were then a bit horrified to discover that quaglino's charges a 'cakage' fee of 2.50 per slice! what the -?! i have never come across such a ridiculous policy in my life. apparently it is because they can provide their own cakes in such cases. still, the staff were polite enough to put our cake on a plate and bring it over with some candles. we then celebrated and had it put back in its box to avoid the afore-mentioned cake tax. overall, quaglino's was a lovely venue for a meal with friends - the staff were charming and attentive and the venue had a great buzz about it. just a pity about the silly cake policy! pros:-good value for money (15gbp for a two course dinner)-great location-good wine selection-nice bathroomcons: -slow service-loud (especially the bar area)-venue a bit dated (very 90's)-the food is bland an un-imaginative (i ordered salmon and duck). the salmon was decent, the dressing was very bland and tasteless. the duck was very average: the meat not of a great quality and a tad overcooked. i was in london for a vendor conference and they hosted an event at quaglino's. the facility was perfect for the occasion and the meal was great. i don't know if this arranged by the host or provided by quaglino's but the evening included a travelling spontaneous poet (pick the words and he will create a poem on the spot) and a table side magician - fun evening. this place has many facets to it. so to do justice to this review let me take a stab.the interior is subtle yet very grand. it is very spacious vertically and very well laid out. the staff was very helpful and polite. customer service woooowww being in uk was suprisingly wonderful.they had good wine selections. i prefered their reds.their stake tartar with quail eggs was lovely.their crembule was wonderful.i did not care too much for their citron desert.i think it is a place which you can make very intimate for a date or take a big group in like we did and have a good party.check it out ... go there if you can get someone to take you - food is very good but not brilliant, atmosphere is smart but a little on the corporate side. i lunched here yesterday as the guest of a supplier - decent lunch; nice soup, a main of chicken and what must be their signature mash - potatoes so creamy they must've been 90% butter and tasting the same as when i first dined here 16 years ago; absolutely delicious, but eye-wateringly unhealthy. there seems to be a lunch offer on at the moment - hunt one of these down. a fairly small glass of (very good) wine at 5.30 ups the price, and there are dozens of other places to go in london where food is better, cheaper, and the atmosphere a bit more upbeat; the place was maybe 1/3 full at lunchtime yesterday, which is probably right for the third week in jan (and pre pay-day) but in a space as large as quaglinos, it felt a little deserted. one thing that is worth noting though is that they don't charge extra for room hire - you can use their decent private room if you've a certain number, and it won't cost you more. i was here last night with 6 friends.when you arrive you are shown to the bar packed with lots of people, a pianist and a saxophonist and several waitresses and a cigarette girl and it is far from pleasent but once you move down stairs to your table the atmosphere changes for the better.the music is now just right and the noise levels are fine. you can chat across your table without being over heard or us overhearing other tables.we all skipped the starters and four of us had chateuabriand and it was not melt in the mouth perfect but still very good. others had burger, fish and chips and rump steak. all reported to be pleased with their food.the staff are attentive and friendly and but for the continual topping up of our wine glasses would have been excellent.too full for desert as none of us found them very interesting.350 for the 7 of us without a tip but that did include numerous beers and 5 bottles of wine.this is part of the d&d group who do pre theatre menus at a fixed price - if i go here again i will try that.overall a pleasant enough evening but no pazzaz and the dining room is massive so no intimacy - i wouldn't bring a date here. lovely decor, very impressive inside. we had a nice time sipping cocktails in the bar before descending the staircase, with an air of gone with the wind, down to our table. the service was prompt and the food was good. nothing truly outstanding but fine quality. the down side was the feeling we got of being somewhat out of place. as a table of 20-somethings if felt as though the waiting staff viewed us as young and uneducated so were slightly patronising. we had an older party next to us who kept jamming their chairs back into our table and complaining very loudly about how much space we were taking up. rather irritatingly they were on the end of the row of tables so could easily have spread out to gain more space but instead opted to moan and sigh very dramatically. not the restaurants fault i realise but i don;t enjoy eating in an atmosphere where i don't feel comfortable or welcome so i won't be going there again. mediocre food, oppressively loud (with a mariachi band at full tilt all night!), unwelcoming front of house staff, expensive. better to try gordon' ramsey's boxwood cafe which has a similar design (ex-dance hall downstairs) but is smaller, more intimate with better food.	0	1	1	0	0
 i went for dinner with friends and had a fab time. we ordered crispy duck, lobster noodles, mafo tofu and string beans. everything was solid and flavourful, with my favourites being the lobster noodles and string beans. whilst the crispy duck was great, it wasn't too different from other roast or pecking duck i had had. mafo tofu was good too, but not spicy or strongly flavoured as i would have liked. service was okay, but when it got busy, we found it very difficult to get anyone's attention. otherwise, interactions with staff were very limited (not surprising for a chinese restaurant). ambience was spacious and clean, but nothing fancy or sophisticated. great to have a casual meal or even celebrate an occasion, but don't expect anything too decorative. sometimes i do not want to write a long story as some would prefer to see what's delicious instead of knowing that i just arrived from paris and was looking forward to seeing my friend from college and her husbad for dinner as they recommended this place. lobster noods and the duck! those were delicious. and, shark fin soup, too! it was an amazing dinner. not too formal but well organized and operated suitable for business occasion as well. very high cost performance.looking forward to visiting next time! our group of 7 had a great meal, to celebrate my sis-in-law's birthday. we started with the aromatic duck, which required the server to slowly shred the flesh. meat was moist and placed in a wrapper, with hoisin sauce, small slices of cucumber and scallions. the sauce was a bit sweet, and if you like it spicy, add some chilli sauce. roll the wrapper, and enjoy. we followed up with their signature lobster noodle, which was superb. the lobster was fresh, and the noodle sauce was slot on. we then had a number of dishes - pork slices with chillies, chicken, mushroom and tofu, fried rice. we would highly recommend if you would like a great chinese dinner. the mandarin kitchen falls victim to false advertising. the food advertised is not the food i received. the only upside for this establishment is the location. went here for dinner last night after being yelled at by the rude waiter across the street at new fortune cookie. we were greeted and seated promptly. our server was a young make and he was great. we started out with the hot and sour shrimp soup. delicious! next we had the seafood lettuce wraps. delicious! for our entrees, we had the pork in chili, beef with chinese broccoli and the chicken with soft noodles. the pork in the chili was outstanding. a nice spicy dish! the beef and broccoli was really good also. the noodles were a bit bland, but i added chili sauce and it really made the dish good. again our server was great. he was very personable and made good recommendations. will definitely be back when in town. very bad service.i was told to wait for 45 mins. but was ignored. no service after 1 hours. no apology. very rude. the food is good ~~but wirhout good service~~go to the other restaurant is the same~~ good chinese seafood restaurant. service is also good. however, price is a little high. another restaurant that has gone down. i used to go there quite a lot. the lobster noodles (signature dish) have become gelatinous. service used to be efficient if not particularly friendly. now waiters are a bunch of students who hang out there, trying to look cool. result: 1h15 for lunch. very disappointing. good food, good location. we used to go to royal china across the street when one day we went there and it was being renovated. we saw this place across the street and went there instead. i have never been back to royal china. this place has all the classics which are delicious, but are most famous for their lobster noodle which is especially delicious. definitely recommend this place. i have been coming to this restaurant since 1994, this place is truly amazing the lobster with noodles is to die for and the scallops are amazing. definitely worth the money. i will definitely visit this place again when i am in london. i have been coming to mandarin kitchen for years and when i visit london on business or vacation.as a trinidadian, we love chinese food and their aromatic duck and the lobster and noodles are absolutely divine and to our taste.highly recommend them and the service is great. i stayed a block away from this place when on a trip. i wasn't sure about it at first because it doesn't look like much from the outside, and it's on pretty touristy street, but after looking up reviews we decided to give it a shot. also, the place was packed on a wednesday afternoon for lunch which was a great sign. we ordered hot and sour soup, which is a favorite of mine, and theirs did not disappoint. we also got two beef dishes, crispy fried, and some other sweet and tangy kind and both were delicious. my friend ordered an eel dish and loved her entree. definitely a must if you are in the area. i could have ordered the whole menu. excellent lobster noodles... best i've ever had. other cuisines are also delicious. prices fairly reasonable and the attitude of waiters way better than chinatown. so far my favourite chinese restaurant in london i'm glad that my friends from sin took me to mandarin kitchens for dinner and is my first visit to chinese seafood restaurant. i strongly recommended the lobster noodles, is the biggest lobster i've had in london, very tasty and the sauce was perfect ! after that, we had almond fruit curd and red bean pancakes as a dessert. the red bean pancakes was just alright for me as i'm not a red bean fan. i love almond curd not too sweet just my taste. mmmmmmmmmmm. we came here and ordered an absolute feast! my favourite were the chilli prawns and squid and toffee apple and pancakes for dessert! i was unfortunately very disappointed with the restaurant, regardless of the fact that the food on everyone else's table looked excellent! all the dishes had that gooey, gelatinous texture that i absolutely can't stand. the chicken friend noodle was tiny ramen noodles, half of which were fried, the other half were undercooked, as was the chicken itself. i had one bite of this dish and pushed it aside. gross.what is cool is how there is a while part of the menu for lobster, crab and dover sole, cooked in a variety of ways. we had the sole steamed in a garlic and spring onion sauce which we loved - very healthy and tasty while still keeping the full taste of the fish in tact. only thing is that when we asked what the dish was more exactly, it was descripbed completely differently - i guess i don't speak chinese which is a downside here.i think this could be a good place, but the service is rude and the menu needs far more explanation.maybe i'll be back, but probably not. too bad royal china was closed last night. i'd like to echo the praises for the lobster noodles. just really delicious. we also had one of the beancurd dishes (forget which one), the kai-lan, the red snapper with ginger and the cantonese fried roasted chicken, all of which were very good. the beancurd in particular was great, very silky. the portions are fairly substantial, don't let your eyes get too greedy, which was our mistake. we all had to waddle out the door by the time we were through.we went there for a dinner the weekend of chinese new year and just be warned that for busy nights like that their reservations will only be for an hour and a half. not that the staff were hovering and being very strict about the time limit by any means but just something to keep in mind. the 'mandarin kitchen' is opposite my favourite chinese restaurant in the area, 'royal china'.i think both are among the best in london and easily surpass the many others in queensway.the seafood is the reason to go here instead of 'royal china' in my opinion. i have had lobster on a number of occasions and have always been impressed.the service is good, the ambience is generally busy. if you are in the area and are in the mood for chinese seafood this is a great option.highly recommended! the best chinese seafood in london. which isn't that grand a claim, since there's not much competition. the lobster noodles are probably the best thing on offer here, though recently it seems they're using less ginger. this upsets me. you literally cannot have enough ginger in any dish involving either noodles or lobster. with a dish consisting entirely of noodles and lobster it would take the entire ginger output of a small nation to reach the optimal amount in my eyes, so possibly take this advice with a pinch of salt.the small scallops are masterful, the larger scallops less so but worth eating if they're claiming to have run out of the wee ones. they haven't, they're just hoarding them for the staff to eat when the place closes. i'm onto them.the drunken chicken is also worth a mention. enter a realm of superior seafood, where lobster and other shellfish of exquisite freshness and expert preparation will boldly take you to worlds where no humans have gone before!after 4+ miles of fun-filled sightseeing and urban hiking from the london eye, we were so glad to see our destination: dinner! we love seafood and were like sweet-toothed kids in willy wonka's chocolate factory! the heavenly and varied selection of crustaceans, bivalves, mollusks (sea cucumber, abalone), and fish made us uncharacteristically indecisive--but in a good way.our server recommended the lobster, and after seeing a neighboring couple savor it, we were sold! normally, we enjoy our seafood as pure and simple as possible, so we were considering to have it raw or just steamed. our server seemed a bit more than suggestive in getting us to order it with ginger, scallion, and noodles--a popular choice--which we were really glad we did :-dto start, we had phoenix prawns with chili and scallions. at first, it was a sight to behold: each prawn was bigger than most lobster tails! the accompanying sauce appeared to be strong, but served to complement the incredibly flavorful crustacean.then, the lobster arrived and we were stunned by how incredibly flavorful it was: totally superior, cleaner, and more succulent than any of its maine relatives served at $$$$+ restaurants!the ginger and scallions complemented the meat incredibly well, and the noodles were just perfect texture and seasoning as a complementary component for the star crustacean.not only could you taste the pristine freshness, it was clearly visible as the meat was plump in every crevice right down to the tiny swimmerets. another point that stuck was how easy it was to extract the meat from the shells.when we asked our server how the lobster was so tasty and so fresh, he pointed out that they get them straight from the scottish sea and the chef is an expert in carving up the lobster so that all of the pieces cook perfectly and the patrons have an easy time eating their meal.by that time, we were quite satisfied but curious to try dessert. since our server was perfect so far, we asked him to select our dessert: a hearty and palate balancing red bean pancake.all in all, this was a seafoodie's dream. i understand how the service can be perceived as brusque to efficient (the bus persons are a bit blunt), but showing an earnest interest in the restaurant and having a great server made for a wonderful evening of food and service.when we stayed in london, the currency exchange rate was far more disadvantageous for americans--everything seemed to cost double. the exceptions to the rule were with starbucks (everything was half the quids as supposed dollars, and their sandwiches were amazing!) and mandarin kitchen, which proved to be a relative value for such a memorable experience (~47 quid for 3 amazing courses).i just wish i could teleport to mandarin kitchen every now and then :-p one thing i missed about london: the lobster noodle from this place! generous portion of lobster, and its meat is juicy and fresh.i have been to many places in the us,uk, hong kong, china, yet have never tasted anything better than their lobster noodle and this is not an exaggeration. by the end of my three week trip to europe i actually had a yearning for chinese food. the only other chinese meal i had in the previous three weeks was at crispy duck on my second night in london. so here i was back in london on my final night, and my cousin suggested mandarin kitchens. i was told that mandarin kitchens is one of the higher end chinese restuarants in london with its white tablecloths. i soon found out they charge pretty high end as well. for our party of three we had a fish soup, steamed seabass, and lobster noodles. the soup was flavorful yet pretty standard, the steamed seabass was good, and you'd be hard pressed to screw up a dish that's laced with a whole lobster. while i know we may have ordered some of the higher price items on the menu, i never would have thought three items would cost 65 bucks. oh waaaait, it was 65 quid. and back then that equated to $130. so there ya go, $130 for a three item meal for three. full post and photos @ thecattylife.com  our mission for the night: lobster noodle. but we first indulged in some traditional starters (which do not frequent my little chinese palate nearly as often as i would like): jellyfish with cucumber (and a not-too-heavy sprinkling of sesame oil), sliced pork knuckle, and deep fried baby squid in garlic & chilli (incredibly tender, in a light and peppery batter). the starters were followed by another recommended dish: shredded duck with hoisin sauce, cucumber and shallots, wrapped in a light floury pancake. the duck moist, crispy, very fresh was tasty but at this point i was a bit like, dude, lobster. i came for lobster! my vibes must have sent a little pin-prick pulse straight into the waitress's behind because suddenly there she was and lo' and behold because we love food, because we're greedy, and most of all because it was lobster, we ordered twice as much as any normal person would two enormous lobsters to be shared between the five of us, atop a five tonne plate of egg noodles. ok not five tonnes, but definitely two big red lobsters. nom nom nom! having been presented with plates of lobster-heaven, our conversation hit an abrupt stop as we all literally threw our faces into the goodness. what can i say? the lobsters were big, meaty, soft, sweet and with roe ~ quite simply orgasmic ~ and the perfectly cooked noodles were coated in a not-too-sticky gravy containing a good hearty decent amount of shallots. because here at the catty life there is no such thing as too much shallots. two lobsters really hit the spot. we toyed with the idea of fighting over da-bao (take-out) if we couldn't finish, but really, who are we kidding here? lock, stock, barrel and all of the gravy, inhaled within five solid minutes of gastro-induced conversation strike. it really wasn't like there was anything in this world that could have followed up the amazing lobster meal, but the troopers that we are, we gave it a go. on the dessert menu was red bean pancakes (fresh, crispy edges and packed full of red bean paste), toffee banana (too cute as individual banana balls) and almond jelly (great solid texture, not the soft crumbly stuff) but what impressed me most of all was the complimentary fruit platter which was omg not just oranges, but a pseudo fruit salad of strawberries, kiwi fruit, melon, pineapple and well, oranges. big thumbs up to mandarin kitchen! delicious seafood, fresh soups, and perfectly cooked noodles are just a few of the pros about mandarin kitchen. the service is quick and efficient, but seems to be more of a team effort and it can become difficult to know exactly which one of the employees is your server. i feel like we had 10 different people bringing things to the table and such. a good meal very close to the tube station. very very disappointing. got prawn noodles. totally bland. i mean, honestly. is this really the best chinese in london? how sad. i'm a former new yorker, now living in zurich, and recently returned from beijing. this is among the blandest chinese i've ever eaten. this place is famous for their lobster noodles. it's just really delicious. a must try! their scallops aren't too bad neither. this is a specialist seafood restaurant with an extensive menu and good value for money. the restaurant is decorated very simply but the atmosphere (evening-time) was buzzing. the main focus of the menu was the lobster, which was offered in a variety of ways, such as cooked with ginger and chilli, or you can even request for any sauce. the other shellfish on offer was also extremely tasty and the food was all imbeccably presented and some of the dishes looked like works of art. the prices may seem a little higher than the other chinese restaurants in queensway, but it is good value for money as the food is perfectly cooked and there are so many new things to try. this restaurant is perfect for a get-together with friends, or even for a business lunch/dinner as the food is perfect for ordering big amounts and sharing between everyone. unfortunately i did not have the lobster noodles as i just stumbled onto this place when my girlfriend was dragging me, severely hung over down queensway. i would not recommend the bloody mary, because it was just tomato juice, and a splash of vodka for ten quid. the shrimp starter was delicious, and i washed them down with two tiger beers. the roast duck was waaaay fatty. fattier than any chinese roasted duck should be. it's a classy place and all, but chinese food in the uk is junk food, and should never cost the same amount a meal at a fine french restaurant might. i would stop by just to try the lobster noodles, maybe, i don't know, we might, we'll see. there's so much more down queensway that...nah i probably won't, weeeellll, maybe, people seem pretty keen on them. yeah, i probably will the next time i stay over by the park. but i'll tell you one thing: i won't be ordering a bloody mary! harumph!	1	0	1	0	0
 excellent food - really authentic tapas that reminded me of how tapas tasted when i lived in seville. great atmosphere and friendly, well informed staff.highly recommended. a must!!!! ate here for a business meeting and we had a full range of veggie, fish and meat tapas. no disappointments in the lot - all were delicious! from the toast to the iberico sausage to the fantastic octopus (amazingly tender - how'd they do that?) it was a journey of deliciousness. the service was fantastic and if you're a gin drinker, an amazing list of different gin combinations to try. i'll be back...oh, i'll be back. after another fabulous evening here it's time to write a review.. we've been coming here since they opened and its a real pleasure when marta, monica, javier greet us like old friends. they really know their wine here and will happily take time to explain what is good - marta is an expert ! the food is without fail delicious - favourites include the smoked aubergine with raisins, but last night's pork with piquillo peppers was a star too. we don't often have dessert but our arms were twisted with a serving of fantastic ice cream flavoured with cinammonn and lemon , and a perfect crema catalana. sort of wish i hadn't written all this as it's not always easy to get a table, but these guys deserve public recognition. i've been to barrica twice now. my first experience was pretty good. the food was good, and we had great service, so when we came here for a friend's viva party, i thought it would be reasonable.then i realized the big difference between when we came the first time and when we went the second. first time: monday night at 6 pm for three people. second time: thursday night at 7:30 for seven people. before we came, we were at the pub, and my friend who made the reservation said the restaurant sent an email earlier stating if he didn't respond to the email and didn't show up 15 minutes before the reservation, they may give up the table. that's a bit harsh.so we're there and the waitress asks us if we want to order drinks. i order a large glass of wine. someone else orders a beer. then the waitress leaves for about five minutes or so before coming back to take the rest of the order. that's weird. i also ask for tap water for everyone. our drinks come. mine turns out to be a bottle of wine that i had to send back because when i ordered a large glass of wine, i didn't expect it to be a 750 ml glass. also, while they brought us glasses for tap water, the water didn't arrive until i asked them again about it on my wait to the bathroom.as our food was coming, the food was alright. the jamon is great (but hey that doesn't involve much cooking). some of the dishes were great, like the octopus in spicy squid ink and the aubergine. however, three of the seven of the dishes we ordered came on a bed of mashed potato. and the chorizo was basically just served as a giant whole sausage. no effort at all. the salt cod tasted nothing of salt cod as it was blending into mashed potato, so there probably wasn't much. it was just underwhelming. we were brought two dishes we didn't order, and three of our dishes never showed up. and i would have asked the server about it, but she never came back to our table. someone had to ask about it on the way to the bathroom. i mean, i'm aware that it's a spanish restaurant, but it's not spain. i don't have the long leisurely table-time i would have there to just sit back and enjoy the weather (we were told we had to vacate the table by 9:30). so don't give us crappy spanish service. oh, and our table was at the front of the restaurant. because it was a warm day, the door and windows were open, so anyone smoking outside the door basically ruined the entire meal as the smoke would waft in the restaurant. yuck. so yeah, if you go to barrica early on a weekday with a small party in the back of the restaurant, you can get a decent meal. otherwise, just avoid it. i'm sure you can eat better food with much better service at other places. it is nearly impossible to get into any tapas bar in london w1 on a friday night without having a reservation. so my heart sank a little when my wife said she wanted tapas.we initially got turned away from the salt yard, a couple of doors down, but this proved a blessing in disguised as we came across barrica. luck was shining on us that evening as the waitress managed to squeeze us in.kept things simple and ordered the white asperagus and the spinach with dates (excellent), along with jamon and chorizo (again excellent). the service was excellent. our waitress asked if we wanted to move to a better table once it was free, going out of her way to help move our stuff.looking forward to returning soon stopped in here on a recommendation from a colleague. terrific service, nice variety of tapas on the menu and a chill environment made it an enjoyable experience.i had the hake, the padron peppers and the maze and bean cocktail mix. i'd recommend them all with the suggestion that if you like your food a bit less salty to ask them to ease off the salt.great work barrica! interesting menu: some modern twists on classic tapas dishes. execution was very good and most dishes were excellent. service was efficient and friendly. good wine list too the food was tasty but when comparing it to the real deal which you can have in spain...the tapas aren't as good tapas! what a great place for a tapas dinner! barrica takes reservations, calls to remind you what time you should arrive and your table is always ready the minute you walk in the door. they serve lots of delicious choices for vegetarians, which is excellent for a tapas restaurant.i love the crunchy beans to start, and last time we ate here, the leek salad was the best dish we tried! everything is good, staff is friendly and the wine flows like water. what more could you ask for? for me, the food here is 3 stars, but barrica earns the extra star for two reasons - one, that it takes reservations which is so rare for a tapas place in london and two, for the great service which is also so rare for a restaurant in london.it's your standard tapas fare here, but the food is quite good. the patatas bravas are probably the best that i've had here so far. some other notable dishes were the fareekah, which is kind of like a cous cous with pomegranates and leeks, and the beef onglet served with a mix of chickpeas and something on the side, delicious. slightly disappointed in the sourdough torta and the pressed pork shoulder - they were ok, but nothing to write home about. also i thought the wine was a bit on the pricey side. all in all, it's a great tapas place though and on a weekend evening when not willing to wait for a table at the nearby barrafina or salt yard, then it's a good alternative option. i am by no means a tapas connoisseur but i know good food. my expertise came in the 'guise of my two dining buddies. they knew a lot about spanish cuisine and order a table full of food, leaving me to relax and enjoy.the atmosphere on a monday lunch time was quiet but welcoming. i expected the service to be prompt and it was. there was water and bread on the table in the blink of an eye and our catalan waitress was full of smiles. she read out the exciting sounding specials, but the guys knew what they wanted. bacalao branded tostada, calamar, bull de llengua, pan tomaca and patatas bravas were served up for us all to enjoy. the food was a delight and seemingly very authentic. it was certainly an adventure to savour so many different tastes. normally i would baulk at the idea of a strange flat sausage, served with pickled egg with peppers in sauce; but it was good.our bill came to 30 with two coffees, and i would recommend either lunch or dinner here in a heartbeat. great restaurant. nothing to fancy, just simply decorated with fantastic food. overall a disappointing experience and i have to blame myself for part of it. i booked it for me and 3 other friends for a saturday night only to realize that one of the friend is jewish, so no pork and the other one only eats chicken and shellfish. as luck would have it, the menu that night offered very little choices for those poor souls, because it seemed that all the meat dishes had pork in them and all the seafood dishes were fish. so then it was down to vegetarian dishes for them, and there were a very few of them to choose from. my friends were easy-going enough to just ordered a few veggie dishes and a duck dish. and the waiter managed to not bring patata bravas and the duck dish! i did like my grilled iberico pork but the portion was quite tiny even for tapas. we all left quite hungry. went for tapas on a recent visit to london and this stop turned out to be the restaurant highlight of our trip. we went to dinner every night at very good places recommended by yelp, friends and locals - but this is the only place i feel compelled to review. why? the service and friendliness of the staff. we had a short list of a couple tapas places in the neighborhood, and we chose barrica purely because when we looked inside - it looked like a tapas restaurant and wasn't trying to be anything else. we sat at the bar and ended up having a great evening chatting with the bartender and manager - taking their recommendations for both food and wine and also just chatting in general about food and restaurants in london. i'd shout out to the bartender if i could pronounce/spell his name. what a lovely experience. highly recommended. 5* for this place 12 months ago. previous menu with tortilla and pimentos was exceptional. understand new chef has dropped these classics in favour of more complex but less appealing dishes. please bring back the old menu! it's been a while since i've eaten here. here's what i recall: it was a lovely tapas dinner with a small group of friends. loved sitting outside in the evening. enjoyed both the meal and the sangria. having recently been to a few towns in spain and experienced the spanish version of an evening out (excellent pinchos in bilbao and free tapas in granada), we were seeking out a similar night in our very own london town. after a little research we found this place near goodge st.on arrival on a monday night we were surprised to find that all the high tables with stools at the front were already taken and we didn't really want a full restaurant meal so we couldn't get a regular table at the back. luckily some people left one of the high tables just then and we settled in.the wine list was very extensive, we had a 2 good bottles of young wine that were not especially cheap then a more expensive bottle of rioja. all were excellent. for tapas we had a selection of very good dishes including deep fried baby squids, prawns in chili, the ubiquitous patatas bravas. again all the food was very good. whilst looking at the menu we discovered they did a lot of sherrys and there was a lot of mention of pedro ximenez (a type of grape used to make sweet sherry). having been about 15 the last time i tried sherry i thought i'd give it a go again. much to my surprise i really liked it, i'll be seeking out my friend pedro ximenez again sometime!the service was good and they let you order food and wine from the waitress throughout the evening.all in all it was just like being in spain for the evening, unfortunately the tapas wasn't free like in granada though! gorgeous.barrica was absolutely gorgeous. yes there was a wait, yes we didn't receive one of our orders, yes the waitress refused to believe that we didn't receive our order and tried to convince us that she actually did bring our order (apparently it was us that forget eating the gambas al ajillo...) but the food, the venue, the service, the drinks, the everything everything everything about barrica was gorgeous. we went for the traditional orders, (the pad thai test if you will) and these were the best tapas i've ever had outside of spain. perhaps even inside of spain. patatas bravas y alioli, jamon iberico cebo, albondigas de cerdo y rabo de toro, aceitunas, and of course sangria... but it was the dessert that pushed it over the top. vanilla ice cream with figs and blackberries in warm red wine sauce and a salted caramel chocolate ice cream bar? holy cow. i'm not a dessert person, and this was my food version of heaven. seriously. gorgeous. have i mentioned it was gorgeous? great tapas option for the district. they certainly have cojones - this place opened literally two doors next to salt yard, a long-time goodge st tapas favourite. so when i went with a spanish friend of mine - my authentic guide to all things tapas - expectations were fairly high.the good news right away: they held up nicely. well done, barrica. admittedly, i was bribed into equanimity by a two-page menu of sherries. very well done, barrica. after a fine tipple of oloroso, we moved from the bar (which by the way is very cosy - well worth going just for a drink and a few nibbles after work) to the back part of the restaurant, where the tables are aligned on both sides of the room. it's fairly small, so i'd guess it never gets too noisy in there.food highlights were the pork and oxtail meatballs (recommended by the waiter, and rightly so - btw, all waiting staff seemed to be spanish), the pork loin strips (basically rare in the middle, but heavenly silky), and the grilled calamar. no let downs, and a great red from the jumilla region for 24. if you wonder: the spaniard endorsed it, too. nice detail: while we were sipping the sherry at the front bar, they brought little tortilla pieces for us to nibble on, complimentary. now there's a hospitality concept that british pubs could learn a thing or two from. looking for a sexy play on a spanish tapas vibe in the neighborhood? this is the place! excellent wine and food service. i will be back, many times! since discovering this place, i've been here 3 times!the most thorough of these visits was for my 30th birthday party (i know, i look good for it!). the manager of the place, david, does a deal whereby everyone pays 20, you choose a few favs from the menu and he'll just keep wheeling out various dishes so that everyone can try a bit of everything. it went down very well!barrica do some of their food in the traditional "tapas place in london" way but a lot of it i have to say is entirely out of the box. for example;the calimari isn't breadcrumbed, it's an entire squid that's been cooked perfectly and is served with a lemon wedge and some roast garlic. not what i was expecting but delicious none the less.this is practically the mantra for the whole place.service is swift and pleasantveal cheeks melt in the mouthit's well decorated and so is the foodlots of table for 2, perfect for dating, if you don't mind the whole garlic thing! i was a bit hesitant to head to barrica after reading a few negative reviews on some london foodie blogs... however, a friend of mine was in town and in that area, so i decided we should take the plunge and head to barrica to give it a try. i had a craving for tapas that wouldn't quit so i was hoping this place would fit the bill. upon entering the place, i was already impressed with the friendly atmosphere and the hospitality of the host (manager?) who recommended i sit at one of the bar tables to wait for my friend. you see, i hadn't reserved and just walked in at 7:00pm and clearly this is a "reservations" type of place. instead of the "oh, you didn't book?!?" attitude that i tend to get at these types of places, the host was nothing but friendly and accommodating. i was really pleased when i asked for a wine recommendation and my server told me that two of the wines were excellent and offered me tastes of both before settling on my choice. the complimentary bread basket with olive oil was great - either i was really hungry or that oil was laced with some kind of illicit substance (or both!) because i gobbled it up! the wine was delicious and the tapas were too, though the portions were a bit on the small side, even for tapas! (i know, i know, they're supposed to be small dishes, but these ones were smaller than usual) but, the price of each was really reasonable so we made up for the smaller size by ordering extras! service was extremely fast and friendly which just added to the positive experience. some of my favorites included the grilled peppers, empanadas and the grilled chorizo. yum yum! as the night progressed, the place got more and more packed and bustling and clearly is a popular choice in the area. i'll definitely be back when the tapas craving strikes again! i really love eating tapas and have been on a mission since my arrival in london three years ago, to find an affordable and authentic tapas bar. i would definitely say that barrica has the beverage side of things sorted. wine list is well thought out and comprehensive- you can find something for everyone. i love the casual, relaxed atmosphere but it seemed a bit empty when i came in. then again i came in at an odd hour on a saturday afternoon. the patatas bravas weren't as mouth-watering as the ones i remember having in barcelona, but the albondigas, croquetas and the divine gambas al ajillo more than made up for it. service was fine, but nothing particularly memorable. fun gastro-winebar that can please a loud group of friends or staisfy a more romantic dinner for two. everything we ordered was delicious (4 tapas sized dishes & one cheese selection to finish for 2 of us was plenty). calamar was grilled to perfection, white beans and truffles was rich and a must order. meats like the selections of jamon iberico and chorizo give great savory flavors. can't go wrong with the spanish red wines, and if you have room at the end of your meal, try some of the alcoholic sherries paired off with a cheese, for a truly authentic spanish tapas experience. love.the food was simple and delish. which pretty much fits the whole place. not overdone, to the point, but executed beautifully. the portions were decently sized, came quickly (although we did have to remind them of a dish. whatever) and were filling. this is how it should be done. delicious food with great service. tapas portions are tiny so do ask the waitress how many you'll need per person. they have a great selection of wine and the olive oil served with the bread is to die for (it's from brindisa, the spanish food mecca in borough market). food here was good. some creative dishes and some tapas classics. it was generally a good meal but a little on the pricey side. i really love eating tapas and have been on a mission since my arrival in london three years ago, to find an affordable and authentic tapas bar. i would definitely say that barrica has the beverage side of things sorted. wine list is well thought out and comprehensive- you can find something for everyone. i love the casual, relaxed atmosphere but it seemed a bit empty when i came in. then again i came in at an odd hour on a saturday afternoon.the patatas bravas weren't as mouth-watering as the ones i remember having in barcelona, but the albondigas, croquetas and the divine gambas al ajillo more than made up for it. service was fine, but nothing particularly memorable. i had a great weeknight dinner here with 2 visiting friends. i felt compelled to write a short review, given that i myself was a bit anxious for booking this place after reading the mixed reviews online. it was a relief to find that the food was all great, the costs quite reasonable, and service not as bad as some people made it out to be! food - we ordered about 8 tapas dishes and they were all delicious. the veal cheeks were out of this world, the squid flavourful, and a friend loved the gazpacho he had. yes the portions are tiny, as many mentioned. but the cooking standard was pretty high. drinks - not too happy with the rose sangria pitcher. it was very tasty, but there was so much ice in the pitcher!! ambience - warm and cosy. lovely except for the really loud group next to us, it got extremely loud and difficult to hear each other after a while. service - our waitress was smiley and efficient, though her english wasn't very good. costs - bill came to 90 pounds for 4, with just the sangria and 1 glass of wine. very reasonable for central london. wish there were more food for the money, though. i'd recommend barrica - don't be put off by the negative reviews. it's worth a visit. the tapas all were named really "deliciously" but if you closed your eyes, it would taste pretty "default"/not-snazzy. def not bad but not as posh as described on the menui did really love the warm beet salad and esp the pork/oxtail meatballs. so good	0	1	1	0	1
 luscious, mouthwatering pizza at a decent price.i had a hankering for some authentic italian pizza and boy did i find some!when i came in, i was greeted by two very nice employees and took a look at the pizza to choose from.i ended up going with a ham pizza, pepperoni pizza, and cheese and arugula pizza (the pizza comes in rows rather than pies; a pizza row is about 4 or 5 strips of pizza).i loved buying several and mixing and matching. each piece was more flavorful than the last.although it doesn't look like it, there is seating above the restaurant up the stairs where there's about 7 or 8 tables that look down on the street as well. i caution that eating in while increase the price of your overall meal.the restaurant is in a great location right off baywater street so you won't be able to miss it. enjoy! we were staying in the notting hill area, checked into our hotel relatively late. as you know, everything in the uk closes at 17:00, so we were screwed since it was 22:15. like a lighthouse with an orange beacon, that fiat in the front window guided us to their pembridge road location. we liked it so much, we returned for lunch a couple days later. since i didn't want to be belching up peppers in my dreams, i went rather conservative with the margherita - tomato sauce, basil, mozzarella. with so little, it was amazing. my wife's carnivora - margherita with every italian meat on planet earth - tasted amazing. on our second trip, i rolled the dice on nduja'e'talegg ... spicy and awesome! this place is full of surprises. to the unbeknownst, it looks like kinda a lame pizza/pasta place with old stuff that probs doesn't taste amazing. sorry, but it's true. and it still looked like that when i ordered a piece of the asparagus pizza and spinach cheese pasta. but it tastes very good! yes, it sits there and gradually looks worse and they pop it in the microwave- but it tastes wonderful! that was incredible pasta!!!!! and the pizza was very interesting- it has asparagus- but they called it creamy asparagus, which is was. don't ask me how. the arancini ball was nothing special, but the pizza (which is massive btw) and the veggie pasta was delicious for a very cheap price. there is also seating upstairs. small little shop in notting hill. downstairs a counter serving pizza slices and arancini; stuffed risotto balls, upstairs there is seating around orange tables. food is available to take away or eat in.there is a good choice of arancini and pizza slices and they offer a combo deal where you can have arancini, pizza slice and a drink for around 7.the staff are friendly and are actually italian. the arancina and pizza slice i chose were very tasty. definitely check it out of you are near by. i was surprised to see that recipease has closed down, so we moved further down the street, avoided a few options and walked into arancina. i've been wanting to try it out for ages, but i normally try and avoid high carb places like pizzerias. having my sister with me, allows me to justify, (in my mind) a visit to places like arancina that i've been longing to try out.this location has a small space downstairs where the pizzas and arancinis/arancina? are on display in counters. there's just one tiny table for 2 to stand at, but there is seating upstairs.the pizza (mixed meat) was excellent. i could definitely go back for more. thin crust, a lovely sauce, not too much cheese and lots of meat. they were very light to eat and the rectangular shape makes them easy to manage without spilling toppings.the coffees were fantastic. (latte & flat white).i'm not a big fan of arancini and the broccoli and sausage meat one that we tried, didn't inspire me to try any more.i'll go back for sure, but i'm sticking to pizza and coffee.oh, and i also picked up the mini biscotti at the counter, that were amazing! much left much to be desired, the arancini ball was not hot and excessively bready and the pizza had way too cheese on it, maybe i'll try it during dinner cheerfully casual pizza joint in a touristic area. friendly staff and some delicious-looking offerings, including the arancina balls, lasagne and melanzone (baked aubergine). i just needed a light meal so ordered a slice which was promptly heated and cut into four pieces, which was more than sufficient. super crunchy crust, to the point where i almost broke my teeth! though i do like a crunch. the topping was, alas, underseasoned, remedied by adding dried oregano and salt. it's not exactly bargainous either - 4 for a slice. if only we had the dollar slice.still, it's a fine option if you happen to be in the area and in need of a quick bite. the seating upstairs is also handy for a spot of people-watching while you eat. really authentic italian fast food joint. pizza, lasagna, suppli etc. about 8 tables upstairs to sit down. they also have gluten free crust for 2 pounds more. other than the pizza, the rest of the food is precooked and heated in microwave ovens. yelp reviews seemed over hyped. food was good but not amazing. if walking by would stop here again. probably wouldn't go out of my way to come. tried their margarita pizza, was okay! i suppose it will be good if it's hot! their spinach risotto balls was tasty! got these delivered tho, should be better eaten hot for me personally, the cheese used on a pizza is as important as the crust since it can make or break it. i was pleased the cheese here was of quality and was it melty, bubbling, had a bite to it which i love. you can easily share the smaller sized pizza with one other and even better you can each select toppings of your choice as they'll gladly accommodate a half/half. prior to the pizza we shared a spinach and ricotta arancine (fried risotto ball). it was too bad this dish fell short in the taste department! it was the driest of arancines i've ever had and it was tragically bland. the worst part, the center was still quite cold. perhaps we visited on an off night. a dipping sauce could have easily remedied its shortcomings, i thought. but i guess this would be a cop out since the flavors of the sauce will take over what you're really supposed to be tasting - the arancine. i'd come back but next time i'll be skipping the appetizers and go straight for the pizza. reheated pizza is a different experience than the freshly-out-of-the-oven one - which doesn't make it worse. every time i order pizza and have some leftovers i enjoy reheating them in the oven the next day - here you have exactly that. the arancinas on the other hand (balls of rice with breadcrumbs around them with some extras inside like ham and cheese for example), from which the place took its name was kind of a disappointment for me. they sound pretty awesome but then it turns out they're actually nothing special. i definitely recommend choosing the pizza! i had a slice of pizza to take away. i was served in only a few minutes and the pizza was very good, with a nice crusty crust just as i like it. for takeaway they promptly reheat the pizza but it doesn't have the "reheated" feel at all. staff was friendly. came here for lunch and impressed by everything. the pizza slice is huge enough for two and the suppli was very good! you can't miss this little slice of sicilian heaven in notting hill as there's a bright orange fiat cinquecento in the window, italy's favourite little runaround. it's a tiny traditional italian-style take away and it serves some of the best pizza in london. there's also a restaurant upstairs if you need a sit down.i usually come after drinks in portobello as it's up the road from notting hill gate, perfect for calling in on. all the pizzas are displayed under a glass counter and when you see them you'll want a slice of everything. favourite italian combinations are available such as aubergine and parmesan, spinach and egg, and they even have pizza del lattaio (with thin slices of potato on) that you'd find hard to find in an italian restaurant let a alone a take away. you get a big rectangular slice and the bases are thin and crisp, done the true italian way. plus, as the name suggests, they do arancina's (large rice balls cooked in saffron filled with filings such as beef ragu, ham and cheese or spinach) that are served alongside pizza in italy, but never over here. if i'm craving pizza after drinks in the west then this is the only place that offers a real slice of the italian job. epic slices, good meal deals and a car in the window? who could hate on the glory of arancina.this is a classic pizza shop in notting hill. tiny, smells delicious, all the food is fresh and ready to be eaten, it's just wonderful.go in if you're not sure, you'll see rows and rows of pizza. delicious pizza at that. and the slices you buy? my god, they're gigantic and cut into two (so really it's two slices for the prize of one.) the last time i was there, i got a very tasty mushroom and sausage pizza, which had lots of sauce, toppings and thin, crispy crust. damn near perfect. i also got an "arancina ball", or a fried doughy ball stuffed with rice and other items. i got the ham and cheese one and it was amazing. delicious on the outside, warm and soft and flavourful on the inside. they have a great deal for about 5.50 where you get a giant slice, an arancina ball and a soda to go. woah baby. they have some seating upstairs if you're eating in (not a lot). there's no table service so you have to order at the counter.also, yes, there's a mini orange car in the window that displays pizza, making this place impossible to miss. if you're not at the spot with the tiny car, you're in the wrong place. my only issue, and the one thin that keeps it from moving to five stars, is the service, which ranges from indifferent to just downright mean depending on who you get behind the counter. almost nothing is labelled behind or above it so when you ask something like, "what kind of pizza do you have?" or "what flavour arancina balls are those, since they all look exactly alike and have no description on them" and they give you a look or an angry sign, it's a little annoying. don't want me to ask, label your food guys. beyond that though, it's high classy fantastic all the way. now that i know what i like and can avoid those angry glares, i'm good to go. really enjoyed this neighborhood pizza place in notting hill. i wanted to order 3 or 4 different kinds of pizza, but had to resist the urge. both the margherita and 4 cheese were excellent and i sampled the italian sausage as well. highly recommend. this is the best "pizza d'asporto" (as they say in italy) in notting hill, and possibly the whole of london too! the quality is great and the staff is very friendly and always happy to give you a few tasters before making your decision. definitely give it a try. there's seating upstairs, quite cool if you want to take a seat after a long walk in and around notting hill. as with everyone else, drawn by the orange (play on the italian word for color) mini with the pizza jutted out! great eye-catching stunt they pulled off there!needed a super quick bite before taking on a walk across hyde park and onto victoria for billy elliot, and grabbed some pizza here. uh.... very nicely done! still not quite fan of square slices, as they are wholly reminiscent of grade or secondary school for me. but being a sucker for cute things, i just had to try! this place (for notting) hill is really good for a bite to eat, especially to top up your energy levels after a hard day shopping in portobello (its at the top of portobello)its not a hard place to miss as they have half a fiat car stuck in the front windowfor 3.50? they do you a nice slice of 5 different varieties of pizza, if you time it right you'll get it fresh (when it's best) otherwise they warm it up i the oven. its a nice place try it you wont be disappointedps they do other stuff as well like arancina balls risotto type stuff stuffed with sauces and meati took a pic of the kind of pizzas they do and posted it ;) great little gem in notting hill with probably some of the best pizza i have eaten in a long time. try it if you are in the area have gone here every time i'm in london for a quick bite on portobello road. their pizza is delicious, cheap and fast. great option if you're on the go, and shopping around. not tons of seating but they do have an upstairs section. i tried one of their fried rice balls, which were good but i'd take the pizza over anything else on the menu. what a place. i used to live around the corner arancina and it was brilliant. with the little orange car in the window i fell in love with it. there on site made pizza was not my go to dinner pizza, but my go to snack pizza. no table service and not much seating but great food. i would recommend their margarita pizza. for pudding a warm doughnut sprinkled with sugar. i'm fairly new to the nightlife of portabello but i gotta say i'm impressed. there are a string of good bars and in preparation i'd recommend arancina for that pre-boozing meal. they have quite a selection of pizzas and are very understanding when you waltz in, slightly buzzed from consuming vast quantities of quality rum, and ask for one of everything and a side of pasta. actually, even sober i'd probably do that in a group just because the variety of pizza is brilliant.i couldn't really tell you which one was my favourite as i was busy shovelling it down my gullet with copious amounts of red wine (small selection but some pretty easy drinking bottles). the base, which all pizza should be initially judged on, is soft on the inside but crispy on the bottom and edges which gives a fantastic mix of textures. the pizza toppings all tasted very fresh which is surprising given that it was around 8pm on a sunday night but they did seem to be quite busy.the rest of the place is pretty standard, just a collection of tables and chairs. of course you can't miss it given the signature mini car in the window decked out with food. now that's my kinda ride! after reading all these stellar reviews, i was expecting something spectacular. it isn't a real sit down place. you can get pizza that is pre-made by the slice or order your own freshly made. they have cozy seating upstairs, but no table service.i was sober, and therefore slightly disappointed. don't get me wrong, it was really delish and a great deal, just not 5 star fabulous.this place's reviews, i've decided, are victim to "omg this is so amazing, i am totally drunk, so this is the best pizza i've ever had in my whole life" itis.the next-morning memory of it is better than it is in reality. i would certainly go back, however, under any state of inebriation or lack thereof. "portebollo road, portobello roadstreet where the riches of ages are stowedartifacts to glorify our regal abodeare hidden in the flotsam in portobello road.you'll find what you want in the portobello road"one of our favorite finds on our way to portablello market. a morning of walking, shopping, and exploring left our tummies empty and our throats thirsty. couldn't resist checking out a pizza spot with a mini parked in the window. we found fresh, thin crust pizza with a variety of simple toppings. found a little spot upstairs to rest our tired legs and enjoy a really great slice, or two, or three . . . hope to be back in london someday soon, can i order a pizza to be sent to california? i can wait 10 hours. . . fantastic pizza, sat upstairs and enjoyed a great combo with a fried rice ball. pizza again before leaving london i'll skip the fried rice ball. this review will be quite simple. when you and your companion are the only two people in the establishment (employees and patrons) who are not speaking italian, you know the pizza is going to be something special.prego! how could you not like a tasty pizza place with a half a fiat in the front window? and - if not charmed by the fiat, then certainly by the inexpensive prices, which are a welcome relief. the pizza is first rate, and they have a lovely dining area upstairs. it was a perfect way to unwind after a long day of walking. being nostalgic discovering notting hill the most non-english thing is to discover a cinquecento - an italian minicar - display the biggest ever backed pizzas in the window of an italian arancina.of course i had to have my slice of it! at the counter you have a selection of various pizzas where you can add your chilli and olive oil. they offer take-away or eat-in. for me this is the perfect break to get away from a hectic street and to catch my breath upstairs in their small lounge. there are not a lot of places around portobello, which allow you to sit down and not pay the world.in arancia they have the best pizzas, which will give you the next energy boost for the rest of the day and i never paid more then 6.	1	0	1	0	0
 made a reservation a few hours prior to arrival, which i recommend as the space is small. amazing. very friendly staff and spoke very good english, which i didn't expect but is always a convenient surprise. foie gras is a must and the roasted chicken tagliatelle was to die for. wine was also outstanding. this may have been my first meal upon arrival to paris. great place to try as a tourist.i tried the 3 course meal which comes with an appetizer, entree, and dessert. i also picked off some of my friends' food as well, so i pretty much tried the...duck confitsalmon tartarchocolate moussethis potato appetizer (cannot recall name)creme brulee beware, they only have french menu so make sure you have google translator by your side. the waitress spoke english, but we all felt bad to have the whole menu translated so we took it upon ourselves it translate it ourselves. duck confit was delicious, but a bit on the salty side. salmon tartar was really good and so was the appetizer. the desserts were really good too, but i wish i had a cup of milk to go along with the chocolate mousse as it was really potent. they accept visa. warning, the room is really stuffy. my friends and i walked in with no reservations and were able to get seats with in a few minutes. we came a bit later... maybe 1.5 hours before closing, so it may be busier if you come during the prime dinner time. we are honeymooning in paris and this restaurant is excellent! the owners are very nice and the food is very good. i had the duck breast and it was delicious! nice and firm on the outside and pink on the inside. my wife had the steak and we shared an apple pie with vanilla ice cream for dessert. everything was amazing and we could've asked for a better last meal in paris! we'd definitely come back here if we are ever back in paris. this was honestly the best place we ate at while we were in paris. the staff were friendly and helped us translate the menu from french to english. the food was tasty, flavorful, and delicious. the prices were fair, and reasonable. i would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for place to eat in paris. this was one of our favorite restaurant during our week stay in paris. the food was great but its the staff that made the huge difference. they are by far the most friendly staff of all the places we went in paris. they were fluent in english and took time to explain the menu and were patient to help us make choices. we got there as soon as they opened (7pm?) and didn't have to wait. the place became lively about 45 minutes later and it was obvious that many tourists came here based on yelp. it felt a bit touristy as maybe half of patrons there were speaking english but we didn't mind. i wish we had another meal there! le bistrot des campagnes near the luxembourg gardens in montparnasse is perfect for a delicious lunch or dinner.  the staff is welcoming and attentive and will explain the menu in english. the dining area is cozy and comfortable. the atmosphere is welcoming and attentive. the excellent food is traditional french and prepared with knowledge and care. we reserve a table here every time we are in paris. i enjoyed cheese stuffed tomatoes for my first course, followed by steak tartare, and had chocolate mousse for dinner. all fantastic. my wife had duck breast with some cheesy rice. that was also quite delicious. definitely recommend. best french meal that i had during a 17 day stay in paris! staff were extremely friendly and food was great! it's a small restaurant that catered both to locals and foreigners. fyi, no english menus (which i generally take as a good sign) - was thankful for my 5 years of high school french! i had the canard confit and my date had the poisson du jour, accompanied by 2 glasses of bourdeaux. both of us were blown away with the flavors - the duck was tender and the baby potatoes that accompanied it were seasoned perfectly. for dessert, chocolate mousse and pavlova - also delicious. at 25 euro for a 2 course meal (and i believe 32 for 3 courses) it was a steal. wish we had been able to come back for a second visit. we had the tartare salmon, the chanterelle mushrooms. both delicious. the duck breast, veal, and chicken tagliatelle are all excellent. we special request bone marrow, pig cheeks which the chef will prepare for us tonite for a return visit. will review later. base in our experience the 1st nite, we except the meal to be excellent w/ top notch service. definitely should make reservation as we waited for an hour which the server apologize profusely. excellent! best food by far of our entire paris trip. started with zucinni with melted cheese, steak marinated in orange, chicken, and gratin. best of all was the service! she took the time to translate the entire menu tableside! small place that's runs efficiently considering the space. food was delicious and flavorful. best profiteroles i've ever had! wait staff patient with helping us figure out the menu that is not in english. friendly and hard working staff. watching the chef and sous chef in the kitchen was a plus ! feels like a neighborhood bistro! stopped by for lunch and must admit this place was amazing! from the appetizers to the entree and the dessert. every thing was delicious. the waitress was friendly and accommodating. we stayed nearby, and the hotel staff recommended bistrot des campagnes. the first visit, friendly staff presented full meals with grace and humor. i had pork terrine followed by pork cheeks, both of which were great, and my wife had salmon tartare followed by a chicken leg with tartalle pasta. we had a wonderful chocolate mousse as dessert. on our second visit, i had sardines for an appetizer - grilled and tasty. it's not something i would eat often, but i was there for new experiences, and this one was a decent one! for dinner, i had duck confit - crispy all over, flavorful and rich. my wife had scrambled eggs with bacon for an appetizer, and it was scrambled eggs at a whole new level. yumm! she had steamed haddock for dinner and we were too stuffed for dessert wait for 5 minutes and the waitress is still chatting and continually ignoring us. an authentic neighborhood bistrot, with a local, tourist and business mix of clients, very friendly atmosphere, and superb food. this is a real find in an area with many choices, but none felt as "homey" as this one. you left feeling you knew the owner and staff, and wanted to return. they truly go the extra way to make you feel at home. and the food..... exceptional value and quality!"les americains" felt at home! really good french food home made. calm atmosphere in a quiet street. remember this place. with a 2.5 week european vacation spanning italy, austria, switzerland, germany and france this restaurant was by far the best meal. i also tried the dinners of the other people in our party and was blown away with the different flavor and execution. i think my dessert may have been the best of my life. surprisingly the price was quite reasonable. i spent much more money in florence and venice for food that wasn't this good. finally, let me say that the service was great. very open and friendly and informal. our first dinner in paris while on our honeymoon - it was phenomenal! the restaurant is neat and well maintained, the employees are so personable and helpful and the food - omg the food. my husband had the duck in orange sauce with risotto and i had the steak with fried potatoes - we cleaned our plates! and everything was cooked so well, we will definitely be coming back to try more items on the menu! to top it all off, the owner brought out our dessert with a sparkler candle in it because she found out we were on honeymoon - such a perfect ending to a great meal!! my wife and i ate our first, and then later our last, meals in paris here while traveling over thanksgiving.the food was delicious; the prices were utterly reasonable (approx. 85 for a three course lunch with wine and a cheese plate); and linda, our waitress for both meals, was a treat. when we first dined there, we were just off the plane: sleepless and regularly mixing-up french and spanish ("oui" became "si" in our weary speech). the staff was hospitable and unintimidating, tolerant of our abysmal french, and gracious throughout. the only flaw in bistrot des campagnes is that it is an ocean away from our home in washington. we cannot wait to go back. * the setting is quaint, tucked in a quiet alley near the bustling centre of montparnasse.* the menu is beautifully french: terrines and offals, confits and off-cuts, classic dishes prepared well* pictured below is our final meal (clockwise from the top-left):  rabbit terrine  pork cheeks  veal kidneys  bone marrow this was the best meal we had while in paris. the food was delicious and the waitstaff was so friendly! the menu is in french, but they can easily translate it for you. i suggest you make reservations because it is a small spot with only a few tables. i had read the reviews and knew it was going to be good, but frankly it delivered beyond my expectations. the highlight was the rognons flambes a l'armagnac. friendly, english-speaking staff + good unpretentious wine list. very reasonably priced for what you get. one of my favorites when in paris, the food is incredible, the wine selection is fantastic, and the service is warm, welcoming, and attentive. a fantastic choice for every day dinner, or special occasions. my wife and i dined here while on holiday recently in sept 2015.we were staying nearby and discovered this gem just walking by. we can't rave enough about how great this restaurant is, just everything was superb.the manager helped translate the menu for us which was a shock of sorts, i mean there is a common belief that parisians are rude but we never found this to be the case let alone this restaurant. i'm certain you could order anything off the menu and enjoy one of the best meals of your life. we were warmly welcomed into this nice little restaurant and had an amazing dinner here! the waitress spoke excellent english and took the time to go through the entire menu with us and describe everything. very helpful! for dinner, you can choose either an appetizer and entree or an entree and dessert for a total of 25 euro a person... the food is excellent so this was a great deal! great wine (poured generously :-) ) and phenomenal desserts (we discovered profiteroles...!!!)! we wanted to come back, but they are closed on sundays. we will definitely return next time we are in paris! thank you for a lovely evening! great meal, very friendly service, we were able to enjoy our meal and not be rushed at all. local and tourist mixed crowd, quaint ambiance. food was very well prepared..pork was ordered medium but came out a little dry. overall this is a gem. small place so reservations would be recommended however we lucked out at getting a table for two by walking in. i will be back for sure!! we found this absolutely adorable restaurant while wandering. the two ladies that helped us were delightful and attentive. they were able to recommend wines to pair with our fantastic meal. this place is definitely worth a try. we sat next to a couple who has visited this restaurant twice in the same week during their holiday. the food was decadent. the bartender and owner of the restaurant were both delightful and welcoming. the menu is in french but the staff was happy to help translate. duck con fit was so incredibly good, as was the braised pork belly with olives, and the stuffed chicken with pasta. it was a bit hot in the restaurant but the food was great. we were looking for a good french cuisine and this was the first place my friends and i really enjoyed. ok first review ever on yelp and had to do it because i just had the best meal in a long time (maybe ever).this place is the perfect hidden gem for those who don't like touristy restaurants. tiny place off the beaten path but still convenient, maybe 10 tables... reservation would be a good idea.excellent french cuisine and great staff. their english is not the best but they are very helpful and friendly. and 30-40 euros per person for appetizer, entree, dessert and wine is pretty darn reasonable. for the quality of the food and authentic french experience, dare i say it's a bargain.probably the best meal i've had in france yet, which is saying something. definitely coming back next time i'm in paris. delightful, delicious, and comfortable. the owner was lovely, generous, and welcoming. she guided us, who spoke poor and fractured french, through the menu and ensured that we lacked nothing. highly recommended for a relaxing and wonderful true french multi-course meal. on our last night in paris we had a spectacular meal at this restaurant. the wait staff was welcoming and the three hours went by like a moment. the three-course fix price meal was very reasonable particularly given that i have been in restaurants that have charged four times as much, without coming close to the excellence of this meal.	1	1	1	0	0
 my brother and sister in law came here for dinner during our trip. they said it was so good my mom and i had to try it before we leave paris. little did we know coming in that it would be one of the best meals we would ever have! it is a pretty small place but the ambiance is extremely elegant and classy. we had made reservations before hand online. they are made directly with chef hugo, the owner of the restaurant. you can request to have your table in front of his kitchen so you can watch him work his magic! when we arrived the server greeted us with a charming smile. we came a little bit before our reservation time but he seated us anyway! we sat directly beside the kitchen. it was basically like watching food network live. the way hugo cooks is mesmerizing and can be oddly satisfying to watch. he makes his cooking look effortless. even while he was cooking he was willing to answer any questions we had about his dishes! also, this gives you a chance to see how he dishes look before you order them! this really made the dining experience more intimate and fun. everything was cooked perfectly. we ordered the two appetizer specials(shrimp salad & raw scallops), two entree specials(quail with mashed potatoes and peas & fish with leeks, carrots, and rice), steak with mushroom/onion sauce and frites, chocolate cake/mouse, and the apricot mousse with strawberries. everyday hugo changes his specials. make sure to order the specials. they are special for a reason. on our third visit to paris we had dinner here 2 of the 5 nights we were in town. when you've had today's trendy versions of food and want a simple, classic french meal make a reservation, join hugo and jeremy for a wonderful evening. seating is limited for this cozy family affair. nothing pretentious, yet prepared thoughtfully you can't do better. cucumbers thinly sliced, bathed in a rich sour cream dressing, cold chilled as a rainy paris night. oh my.bread, with a rich yeast aroma, crusty on the outside, soft chewy on the inside.steaks from hugo's favorite french breed of cattle that remind him of buffalo in the winter.braised veal blanquette, rich with mushrooms, cream and dad's secret seasoning. creamy rich potatoes dauphenoise. we were lucky to snag a reservation on the way into paris saturday for the following monday evening (note that dinner is a single seating) and get a table right next to the kitchen where we could see hugo work his magic. the food was great, creative, delicious, sure, but it was truly a sight to behold, watching the chef's labor of love.what a wonderful dining experience. highly recommended, and i hope hugo will be around for a long time. an outstanding dining experience. we were lucky enough to bag a reservation on the same day, but we're told the only seats left were 'kitchen tables'. we accepted on the basis of the reviews but assumed we'd missed out on the better seats. wrong.our table put us essentially in the kitchen, able to watch the one-man-band in the kitchen prepare, cook, plate and generally care for each dish. the menu is not extensive but perfectly designed for what's on offer. food lovers who aren't necessarily looking to go full-french are well catered for here and our lamb and fries was absolutely delicious and perfectly made. plenty of wine to choose from and the table service was second to none. this was another winning restaurant well worth discovering. this was the best meal we had in paris, in my opinion. i booked a reservation on the fork for lunch. it is pretty much required that you do a reservation here. the chef makes all your food within 10 feet of you, in view. everyone in the restaurant receives their meal practically at the same time.i ordered foie gras, which i have never eaten before, and felt torn between animal cruelty and curiosity in tasting it. so, i went with trying it out at least once. it was pan seared with drizzles of unsweet dark chocolate. i cannot begin to describe how creamy and delicious it was. i mopped up all the sauce with the bread they provided.my main entree was white fish (the fresh dill was amazing) with rice and onions. everything tasted extremely flavorful and buttery. i will probably never eat another meal as satisfying as this one. my husband ordered lamb with fries. he said they were the best fries he has ever eaten.the service is perfect and the waiter translated the menu for us and gave us all the service needed. a reminder, french service is very different from american. they do not hover and do not ask you when you are ready for a check. please make sure you research the proper etiquette for eating in a french restaurant, so you are not offended by the different in culture. this is a solid 4.5 star restaurant. we debated whether or not to give a 4 or 5, and decided upon the 4 because although the food was great we also didn't find it as good as many of the $$ restaurants we visited. as a $$$ restaurants we have a somewhat higher expectation and so settled on the 4 stars. we chose la cordonerrie for our last dinner in paris during our 10-day vacation to the city of lights. we started the meal with a glass of champagne, and ordered the chervre frais (fresh, warm goat cheese) and the terrine de canard (duck pate). both were excellent choices with the warm fresh bread. the warm goat cheese was extraordinary in that it was the creamiest cheese i've eaten, and the semi-bitter, semi-sweet red beet mouse really complimented the cheese well. i'd highly suggest trying this. i've also included a photo too. for dinners, we ordered the chicken fillet, which was very tender and tasty and served with a lemmon-butter and rosemary sauce. it was good, but i liked the potatoes they were served with even better. similarly, my daughter's scallops were very good, but the vegetable mix (leek, cauliflower, and some others i couldn't identify) was even better than the main course. not that it's not a criticism of the main course, but rather a complement to the accompanying food. i personally thought the lamb steak was the best of them all. it was tender and tasty. my wife got the steak with challots, which has already been reviewed about multiple times and was very good. the fries served with the lamb and steak were somewhat soggy. they were tasty, but probably not my favorites. i also thought the service was excellent. the chef and owner came out to the tables. it was an intimate environment. only say 15 on the main dining room. i also noticed that 100% of the guests were american, which was surprising since it's off the beaten path. one other thing of importance is that there are a couple la cordonnerie restaurants in paris, so be careful when using uber or imaps that you have the right one. i also suggest making a reservation since the restaurant is so small and has limited hours. they were unresponsive to the yelp messenger, but we're very helpful when we called. last but not least, the desserts! the faudant au chocolat was like a chocolate lava cake and we had to beg my 8yr old some to let us at least try a taste of it. it was awesome. my daughters mango mouse was also very good, and the bananas flambe was a big hit too. one other thing that my wife and i liked was their 1/2 bottle wine selections. since we started the meal with champagne, we typically would only want one large glass of wine (6.5oz pour) each with dinner, and these half bottle selections were high-end but affordable since they were half the price of a full bottle. chef hugo created our most authentic french dining experience yet. read a review that suggested you sit in the kitchen, so we requested that. what a treat! there are only two tables in that area but you get to watch the chef up close prepare the entire meal. his nephew, the host, was very friendly and spoke enough english to help us make selections. hugo was also kind, offering explanations on some of the things he was preparing. his sauces were heavenly and the meat was cooked perfectly. make sure to make a reservation as this is a small place- it was booked the night we went and the host had to turn people away. it's a hidden gem down a side street...you won't regret the visit! this place was amazing. its a small place with one chef. i had scallops, which were the best i've eaten. male sure you leave room for dessert, its a must have. make a reservation to reserve your table because it fills up fast! it was such a treat to watch the chef prepare our amazing meal. i made a reservation for lunch about a week in advance. we had the place to ourselves at noon but it quickly began to fill up. the chef graciously showed us what he had prepared specially that day. i went with the guinea fowl and my husband had the poached fish. both were fantastic! the prices were also not bad for the quality of the meal and the service ($25-30). chef hugo could not have been more accommodating. the food was delightful and the service was spot on. i would highly recommend " be sure to make reservations because space is limited. the quaintness leads to a very intimate dining experience. tiny, tiny place that is run by the chef and his nephew. no more than 7 tables in total, but my son and i had an amazing meal. the menu changes each evening, so the entire menu is the special. we started with foie gras, had the steak and finished with a tart for dessert. service was great, food even better. it seems that at lunch the restaurant is all locals and for dinner it is all tourists. if you want to be surrounded by french speakers, choose lunch! truly delectable meal. firstly, we saw the high reviews for la cordonnerie on yelp and asked our concierge about making a reservation. he got us a table for two within a half hour. it is an intimate, cozy restaurant that probably seats at most 10. the waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful in explaining the meals, specials, and drinks! to start, we had the foie gras special (which was a little adventurous for me), but delicious nonetheless - it melts in your mouth! for our main dishes, i got the filet de beouf with shallots, which was incomparable. i was genuinely upset that i can't eat this every night. my boyfriend had the veal with cream sauce and mushrooms, which was amazing. both came with a side of pommes frites. to end our meal we had a light, fresh pear mousse with raspberries. overall this may be one of the best meals start to finish that i've had especially with such a reasonable price -tres bien! definitely recommend for a true parisian experience. quality of food was bad. the waiter was grumpy and they have no ac, therefore in july it was unbearably hot. one of the most incredible meals ever. the restaurant is very small and cozy, and exactly what i was looking for, for a unique experience. so intimate, amazing servers, and the chef was phenomenal! this is by far the smallest restaurant we have ever eaten in. we called on our way to make a reservation which is really needed in order to get a table. we saw several people who were turned away.the food and service were both phenomenal! i had the veal which came ina rich buttery sauce with french fries. the best fries ever! my husband had the scallops and cod. it was a beautiful presentation and an exceptional dish.realize that everything tastes better in france because of the butter, but it sure was worth it! it doesn't get any better than this, in terms of food, atmosphere and story. tucked away in little alley next to probably the most tourist crowded places. however, very very few tourist here (so far) a father and a son, where the father learned how to cook from his father. only a few tables inside, which is very small, but there's a nice table with a view on the open kitchen. but even better, if the weather is nice, grab one of the two tables outside. the wine list, is a true gem with some very old preserved ones for a fair price. i truly hope this place will remain it's authenticity and spot on paris romantic vibe this meal was "close your eyes" good!! this quaint family-owned restaurant for 51 yrs. only holds about 20 people and requires a reservation (we called on tues and they couldn't get is in until thurs.- and i understand why!) i had veal in a mushroom cream sauce- so delicious! highlyrecommend! we had 2 entrees, bottle of wine, an appetizer, a soup, and each had an after dinner drink: final bill was 125 euros. it was pretty reasonable for a nice dinner out! tiny little restaurant. we were a fairly large group of 7 so we took one of the last late reservations. it was basically the chef and one waiter. the chef personally came and explained the specials of the night, which is usually what he finds fresh at the market daily .and you can see him cooking in the open kitchen as you wait for the food.for appetizers we got the seared foie gras with this reduced balsamic sauce and these tiny little cheese raviolis in a cream sauce. for being how small the ravioli were, they were little tiny pillows of delicious heaven. the pasta was soft and tender and the delicate filling was a perfect match. the foie gras ws not the best i would have to say. it was a little over cooked and the sauce was too overwhelming. we also go the entree special and two of the ribeyes that is on the regular menu. one of the steaks was in a shallot sauce and the other was just grilled. i would have to say the grilled one without the sauce was much better. overall all the food was good, it is a very cozy atmosphere and both the chef and our waiter was very nice and helpful. make sure to make reservations ahead of time as they do book up fast. we came to this place first 6 years ago and when we came back to paris we knew we had to return. still absolutely amazing. my husband swears this is the best steak in paris. wine is delicious, duck pate is amazing and my veal was so tender and great. it is a must do when in paris and we will see you next time we are there! wonderful family-owned and run restaurant. tried to get a table by walking in but had to make a reservation for the next day (which luckily had availability). run by chef hugo with his nephew jeremy serving as host, the experience is intimate and unique. charming, small family owned restaurant that immediately made me feel welcome. my girlfriend and i came here looking for an authentic french experience, and we were thrilled with our choice. we both ordered an appetizer and a main course along with a half bottle of wine and each one was delicious. jeremy our waiter was so nice, not pushy, and very attentive. he is in the family that has owned the restaurant for 50+ years which only adds to the authentic and charming feel. i would highly recommended this restaurant for anyone looking for an authentic french restaurant with no frills. not just a dinner, but a real culinary experience, from the entree to the dessert. the restaurant was really intimate and jeremy made us feel instantly welcome. we tried for the first time the foie gras... sublime!!! sword fish well cooked with herbs... for dessert dark chocolate... unbelievable!!!! i loved everything!!! very deserving of the 5 star rating. i was on a business and ate alone, and the waiter made me feel very comfortable in this adorably cute little restaurant, which has been family owned for a long time (i forget how long, but long).i had the escalope de veau normande, i would post a picture but others have beat me to the punch! i could eat this dish every day, and i'm not even a big meat eater. the veal was so tender, the sauce so tasty, went perfectly with the fries.definitely worth a visit in paris for a very charming and parisien experience. best meal we had in paris. the pan-seared foie gras special appetizer was insanely delicious. the main courses were epic. and the cottage-like setting -- with a mere seven tables -- was wonderfully unassuming. bonus points for the service -- there are only two employees, the chef and his utterly charming nephew, who serves as waiter/bartender/host. we will book our table immediatement the next time we're in paris. ok we've been traveling around europe for the last few weeks and this place is fantastic. it's a tiny little bistro where you watch the chef prepare your meal. we had the cassolette de turbon, foie gras, entrecote de boeuf poele, and the fondant au chocolat. it was by far the best most authentic place we visited in paris. the waiter is great the chef is great and the ambience is fantastic! enjoy your trip to paris! great food and enjoyed talking with the chef while he prepared and cooked the meal. all food is prepared to order with fresh ingredients. has chef's specials which were wonderful. very small restaurant. if you are looking for ambiance this is not the place to go. if you are looking for quality fresh food you will not be disappointed. i will return when i come back to paris. just amazing! this small, one man chef restaurant did not disappoint...authentic french cuisine! to start we had the vegetable plate which consisted of red and white cabbage, carrots, cucumber and tomatoes with flavorful french olive oil dressing. the main course we had the lamb steak and veal in a creamy wine sauce with potatoes. then finished off with bananas and rum prepared at the table. epic! definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a special dinner experience out (if possible, try and get a table adjacent to the chef; where you can see him working his magic and putting his passion into place). my new favorite restaurant in paris. intimate atmosphere, excellent service tremendous cuisine. still my favorite small spot to eat in paris. this is a family business with very limited seating. call ahead. there are 2 tables for 4 right by where chef hugo cooks and determines his daily specials. if you're a foodie try to sit there, otherwise there are lovely little tables in the next room. you can't go wrong with the veal steak and frites. i could bathe in the mushroom and calavos cream sauce. it is sublime. very reasonable prices include service and tax but the chef's nephew is so delightful that i tip him extra. this is where to go for an unpretentious, great, authentic meal! this was my 1st time in paris and i chose this place because it was close to our hotel and had good reviews. it was hands down the best meal i have had in my two week european trip. the place was cozy and intimate and the chef came to our table to explain his specials. meal was amazing!	0	0	0	0	0
 simple, fresh, good quality food for meat lovers. the lamb chops i had was probably one of the best i've tried! this place is a refuge for non vegetarians looking to escape the paris tourist trap retaurants! service was exceptional and food was amazing. french fair with steaks cooked on an open flame i had the rib eye steak cooked rare and rare is what they did. it was fabulous. my wife had a little bit of mine with potatoes and salad. mom had the tiger prawns and her friend had the lamb. both said it was great. topped it off with some creme brle and chocolate cake which were both phenomenal. we also got a little history from the owner and the ambiance was perfect for our last meal in paris. november 12, 2017 last night in paris we had dinner here. service was good the food was wonderful. our appetizer was the foie gras and the potted pork. both were great. i had the prawns which were cooks on open flame. for desert we share creme brle and chocolate cake. both were fantastic. i would go back to this place when ever i get back to paris. this place is small and quaint. feels like stepping in to the past. the food is absolutely delicious- fresh and perfectly prepared. we ate the escargot, canard confit, charcuterie, omelette du fungi and the crme brle. all amazing. we were only able to pause for a pic of dessert- everything else we dove into right away!advice: when it's crowded two couples may be sat at the same table (we are with strangers, only mildly awkward) however there is a second dining room and bar down stairs. i am so glad that i found this place on yelp! robert et louise is a must try if you are in paris. try to make a reservation as it is always packed! once you enter the restaurant, you feel the warmth and homey-ness it has to offer. the place was packed when i visited and you could see people just eating, drinking, and enjoying themselves. we were seated downstairs where it looked a bit like a wine cellar. the place was decorated nicely. we shared a table with two other parties who were very friendly and this added to the homey atmosphere. we ordered the cote de beouf for two and it was mouth-watering. i think they cook it over the wood in the upstairs area. the people sitting at the table told us to add mustard to the meat. i have never done that before, but it was delicious! it added a kick to the meat. the meat also came with salad and we asked for more vegetables instead of the potatoes. the extra vegetables came in the form of ratatouille and it was very tasty (and very french!) we were glad we came here and when i come back to paris, i think i will have to pay robert et louise a visit! wanted a traditional steak dinner so decided to check out this restaurant. didn't have a reservations but got to the restaurant shortly after it opened and were able to snag two seats at a communal dinner table. was nice to chat with other travelers. the meal was delicious. had the escargot to start and ribeye. i ordered the steak medium well and it came more so on the medium side but it was still delicious. they don't season the steak but offer a various of sea salts to top it with. the potatoes served with the the steak omg. so crispy and delicious. five stars for the complete dinner experience. don't get me wrong, this isn't some michelin starred, overpriced, over hyped place. rather, it's a warm, welcoming restaurant with a rustic feel and an incredible staff that is really genuinely happy you are there. don't speak french? no problem. there's only one thing you should get, and if you don't, the locals sitting next to you will point to theirs followed by an enthusiastic thumbs up.get the steak for two.and of course, order a nice bottle of wine to go with it.after that, all you'll need is to have someone point you back in the direction of your hotel, because after dinner, you'll be basking in the warm glow of a full belly and a nice buzz, which has suddenly overtaken your sense of direction. it gets crowded, but with an 'always room for one more' vibe, you'll leave satisfied. oh man. i'm not even a steak person but that steak for two was pure amazing not to mention the potatoes it comes with. my husband and i saw this place on anthony bourdain and decided to go since it happened to be basically next door to our hotel. it was the only place we went for dinner twice during our honeymoon. slightly cramped inside but totally worth it for the food and atmosphere. plus we made friends (at least we like to think so) with robert, who is always sitting at the bar by the entrance, and he even gave me the pin with the name of the restaurant when we were leaving the second time. it was actually our last night in paris, a perfect end! the steak here was unbelievably average. i was so disappointed in the reviews, definitely hyped this place up. the steak had no flavor and was cooked the wrong way.we enjoyed our escargot & even ordered another round. the potatoes were also delicious, service was great and they spoke english. we made reservations and were seated quickly. please make reservations for this spot or you might not get seated. the steak was flavorless, and nothing special. the salad had this mustard like sauce on it that i did not care for. creme brle was delicious and we finished it quickly. we also got a bottle of wine the guys seemed to enjoy, i'll post a photo of it accompanying this review.we also ordered the duck confit which came out so dry, i only took a couple bites.once you get the tab, you go upstairs to pay.our server was nice and very accommodating. once again, this place has great service the food just fell flat for me. after reading all the reviews on yelp, i was excited my sister made us reservations here but in short, my expectations were not exceeded. the evening started out right; we were promptly seated, we got our drinks, we received a bread basket (very tasty) and we enjoyed our escargot starter so much that we ordered another round. everything leading up to the main dish (cote beouf for two) was great, but as soon as we got our steak things started to slow down.they offer to cook the steak three ways: rare, medium or well done. we got medium since medium well wasn't an option, but didn't expect the meat to be as rare as it was. i've gotten my steak medium before and it was slightly more cooked than this. the bloody juices were falling everywhere, but whatever, a steak is a steak. i was disappointed the steak was hard to cut and hard to chew. i was also disappointed at the fact that it lacked flavor. it was bland to me. maybe they were having an off night but the steak at robert et louise just didn't cut it for me. we ended the meal with creme brle which was enjoyable.after we got our tab, we went upstairs to pay. *they speak english and they have an english menu. a visit to paris isn't complete without a trip to robert et louise. whether you sit downstairs or up front at the bar, the food and drinks and service are wonderful. it's a fun, intimate, neighborhood spot and i even loved it when i was vegetarian and could only eat the omelette! we stopped by here after researching yelp reviews. this place is great for dinner. we didn't have reservations and hoped that the wait wouldn't be long but they took us in right away. the staff were friendly and the food excellent. they speak english as well. the place was had an old france feeling to it. i do recommend the froi gras. the dish comes with a glass of sweet white wine that you'll need because the froi gras is pretty rich in flavor. what i do recommend is use the house bread to eat it with instead of the ones on the dish. it's one of the best i've had here in paris so far. the escargot were tasty and plump as well. for the main course we had the steak for 2. it comes with a salad and potatoes. i got it medium rare and it came out a bit more rare, but it was still pretty good. overall this is place is recommended. come here and you will not be disappointed with the experience, the food, the people.fyi i recently heard from some other patrons and workers during our travel that medium rare in france is actually rare for americans. i don't know how true that is, but i would tell them how i would want it to look (pink, red not much blood, or red and bloody, etc) that's what we did during the rest of our travels and everything came out great. yum. i visited the marais and this restaurant for the first time this year and wow.. their steak is ridiculously perfect, the potatoes (it was like a meaty and cheesy shepherds pie) was so delicious!! plus their kitchen which is about the size of a tiny closet is legit amazing with a huge wood fired grill. we stumbled upon this restaurant on new years eve, 2008. we had no reservations but luckily they had two bar seats available. best new years meal ever. since then, we've come back for the incredible steak and pure parisian experience. the antidote to the legions of touristy parisian restaurants. i came here because i hope i would be able to find a better steak than what we get at home in the us. after having eaten at fleming, ruth chris, david burke in chicago, gibson in chicago, sw steakhouse in las vegas and peter luger in brooklyn. i need to try paris and so i came here because there was the classic old french grill with wood fire cooking. here's the verdict. the steak i ordered was for 2 people, 48 (good price and most expensive on the menu). i'm not certain of the cut but looks like a bone in ribeye. lots of good fat on it on the edges but not enough marble in the steak itself making it a little tough to chew. the meat is tasty and cooked perfectly medium rare with a nice smoke flavor but not too overpowering. next time i would just try the ribeye which is on the menu also. maybe taste softer than the cut for 2 people. such an amazing experience. i was in my home away from home...surrounded by people only in need of a good meal, good service and a cozy atmosphere. recommend the rib eye with a nice glass of rouge and the chocolate cake, made by the owner herself :) magnifique! we were so thankful that we scored a reservation at this 'anthony bourdain recommended' steakhouse. surprisingly, an impressive experience for such a tourist magnet. fire-grilled rib-eye steak was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. smoky and oh so tasty. the side of charred potatoes, cooked in duck fat, was deliciously crisp on the outside. i couldn't stop eating them. in addition to the potatoes, you also get a plain salad (nothing special). the escargot we ordered was tender and flavorful. blood sausage wasn't bad. our bargain bottle of paul jaboulet aine crozes hermitage les jalets was lovely. cozy spot with a rustic feel. friendly service and good value--won't hurt your wallet. didn't feel touristy, at least not on the evening of our visit. their classic, no-frills steak and potatoes will surely hit the spot. it's the simple things...+ free wifi go here! if you can, make a reservation so you get seated right away. otherwise they stick you in empty seat on other already occupied tables. if you are outgoing and like talking to new people this could a great experience. we sat next to a lovely couple from colorado down in the cellar and exchanged some good ideas for things to see in paris.the food was phenomenal! they are known for their steak for 2, just a caution that however you like your steak cooked in the us, order it one step higher. we ordered it medium rare and it was rare by american standards. we did start with the foi gras which came with a glass of moscato. tasty! but the steak for 2, comes with a salad and potatoes so it's plenty of food! i loved this place! this place is solid and good.  simple tasty grilled meat is what they excel at here. i googled best lamb in paris and found this place not knowing it had been featured on anthony bourdain. not pretentious or overpriced just great quality well grilled meat.  my wife's steak was very good and the lamb chops were excellent.   very nice niche place and a fun place in the heart of paris. what a hidden gem in the winding roads of paris. located within walking distance of the louvre, robert et louise is a charming french cuisine restaurant that knocks your socks off.we started out with their escargot, a first for both of us. once you get past the fact that you are indeed eating snails, they were extremely delicious drenched in butter and garlic. fantastic!!! their specialty is their wood fired steaks. we ordered the $48 euro 2 person rib eye steak which comes with potatoes, a salad, and bread. while we asked for medium rare, it was definitely closer to rare (moo!) so consider ordering one cooking level up. however, the flavor was fantastic. cannot describe it beyond it was juicy, full bodied, and smokey. i loved it. will be coming back for sure! looks like this place was filled with more tourists than locals but then again i got here a little earlier than parisians would be eating dinner. didn't have a reservation but was able to snag a seat at the bar downstairs and order myself a delicious entrecte with a glass of red wine. man did that entrecte really hit the spot. but then again you can't go wrong with a restaurant anthony bourdain recommends right? the staff was really nice and the food came out really fast! all in all of you're in paris make a stop in here to enjoy a good parisian meal! i will be back but next time with some travel companions so i am able to sample more meaty items off the menu! i went to robert et louise for some lunch due to the good reviews. i ordered the set menu which was either appetizer and entree or entree and dessert for 14 euro. that day was a salad and then a lamb with couscous. overall, i think the food was good for the value and i'd recommend checking it out for lunch.i did take a bite of the enrecote that someone else ordered and from what i had, i would not recommend it. it was very tough for a rib eye and difficult to chew. would not go there for the entrecote. it's possible that that was just a bad steak, but it was not pleasurable. i thoroughly enjoyed my time at this cozy, rustic restaurant. it was an accidental find- the fianc and i just finished our cruise of the seine river and was flipping through our rick steve's travel guide hoping to find something good in la marais. we quickly cross-checked with yelp and saw good reviews. we got to the restaurant close to 10 pm and the place was insanely busy! every table was full, lots of noise and laughter; it seemed like a fun restaurant. as we walked to the downstair dinning room, we saw an open fire where meat was being grilled...very nice touch. this would be a great place to come in the winter when it's cold outside. we sat at the bar and met some new friends. the wine was super inexpensive- ran about $5 per glass and tasted great. we enjoyed escargot and duck confit and rib eye for dinner. it was a great night and i would come back next time in paris. stopped here for dinner while in paris a few years ago. was about to take our seat near the front door when some obnoxious american pitched a fit about being asked to sit at a communal table. we thought the table by the fire sounded and looked fun, so we offered to let her have our spot, much to the relief of the hostess. what a great choice. we shared the table with a big group of well traveled young french tech guys, some of whom i'm still in touch with via facebook. aside from the great experience of making a half dozen new friends, the meal was outstanding. simple, hearty and unpretentious. a huge steak sizzled on an iron slab over an open fire just feet form our table, escargot were tender and buttery. we've promised to reunite with our companions next time we're in paris. great memories of the steak and ambience here. came in 2015 for dinner - paid about $75 usd for two which included wine as well. will come back on my upcoming trip! their unique way of grilling the meat truly produced some of the coolest and tastiest steaks i've had. evident right when you walk in, robert et louis grills their slabs the old fashioned way over a cast iron plank on an open fire. this is awesome to watch, and if you can--get a table by the fire! your hair and clothes will reek of smoked meat but it sure makes the hour long wait for your meal pass by quicker. we ordered the beef rib for two, and it was one of the most unique tasting steaks i've ever had. what really stole the show for me here were the potatoes they come with! holy crap, they were crispy, soft and flavored with meat drippings. they were amazing. we also decided to celebrate our last night in paris with a last plate of escargot. from the handsome shells and tender snails, you can tell these are from a can. not terrible but there's better out there, i'm sure. all in all, robert et louis is a must for steak lovers in paris! after having a wonderful day on rue vieille du temple, we yelped this restaurant. it had good reviews, so we decided to go. when we got there a family ahead of us said it would be 40 mins, so we stood outside and chatted with one of the patrons. after 20 mins the bar tender comes out with a distained look on his face and says it will be an hour wait for us and not to leave if we are on the list. so we decided to stay because we heard it was worth the wait, then he decided to change his mind. he told us we wont get in by 9pm at this point it, it was 715pm when he said this. two white men walked in the restaurant and sat with no wait, then another white couple walked and were able to put their name on the list. the bar tender then comes back and says you cant eat here after we stood there for an hour. he said its friday and there are no seats. racists restaurant. so i am slightly nervous to write this review because of two separate things. it is anthony bourdain approved and the amazing reviews that are all on yelp. as a warning, i find it hard that so many people could be off so have to chalk this night up to a potential "off night". i know this is a rough way to start a review but i wanted to stay truthful to the facts for my off night experience so people could get a sense of different expectations. this place is slightly challenging to find but it is near l'aus du falafel and the restaurant is a two floor joint with the main floor having a few tables and a view of the kitchen. there is also a bottom floor where there are more tables spread apart. made reservations a good 1.5 months ago to avoid any confusion right for opening time at 7 pm. when i arrived, i happen to notice the few folks ahead of me try to find a table and while some of them were able to get them, the front person with a mustache was slightly rude to them. it was somewhat amazing though that when i stated we had a reservation in french he was extremely accommodating. maybe a slight weirdness and i know it did not negatively impact me but felt it was a stark contrast. they offered the communal table upstairs or a table downstairs for which i opted the latter for some privacy. make sure to snap pictures of the fire grilling going on as its an impressive sight. the downstairs area is very rustic and quaint. i was a huge fan of the place. they had great selections of vino and of course the various plates to grab. the waitress/waiters were absolutely delightful and even played along with my poor french and continued the conversation in french. after some perusing, we decided to go with the saucisson as we wanted it as part of our last meal in paris, a pichet of vino, and the famous cote de boeuf. the pichet was quick to come and god bless paris for all the delicious wine at such reasonable prices. the saucisson came out next of course with delicious french butter and the delicious pickles. the baguette was fresh and cut nearby again as standard. really high quality meats so a great way to start the meal but of course this was just a simple dish. next up was the cote de boeuf for two which had potatoes and salad that came along with it. this looked and smelled fantastic. i started with the salad because veggies first of course. the salad was solid and dressing being good. the potatoes were delicious and i was a fan of this. next came the bite of the beef. i think it might have been the anticipation but while the meat was cooked to the right temperature... it just seemed a bit plain and lacked flavor. i almost felt that the people around me had better looking plates of individual ribeyes and all other jazz. i figured it was just that piece so picked another and realized it was still tough and slightly chewy. again i have to say based on my ultimate trust of yelp that my particular dish must have been off for the night but it was a bit disappointing.all in all, i think an ok place with major points for ambiance. i think i will be searching for other joints to round out the collection of restaurants i have visited in paris but still worth the experience to check out. my family and i came here after visiting the centre pompidou. the restaurant has a charming, rustic setting and they have meat cooking on an open fire. like everyone i've met in paris, they are very friendly to americans.when we arrived, our waitress recommended a bottle of merlot-syrah which tasted great. for our appetizer we had the raw vegetables which consisted of fresh beats, cucumbers, cabbage, and lettuce. it was very refreshing and tasty. for the main course, i ordered the lamb chops, which were possibly the best i've ever had. they were tender and delicious. everyone else ordered the rib-eye and reported that it was flavorful and juicy. they also have a mustard/horseradish sauce for the meat that added a nice boost of flavor. the main course comes with a side of potatoes and lettuce. the potatoes were amazing.for dessert, we shared creme brle and a lemon tart with merengue. the desserts were very good but their specialty was definitely their main course.bottom line: a wonderful experience and must try if you're in paris. very crowded and small. steak was ok. service was good. we didn't have a reservation but our hotel concierge made a call and we were seated right away upon arrival on a very very busy sunday night during fashion week, around 10pm. have a reservation or have a kick ass hotel concierge.	0	1	1	0	0
 a place that you'd think would be a tourist trap due to its proximity to the eiffel tower, but actually a quaint and very decent italian spot! the food here is above par, the staff is attentive and friendly to tourists, and the atmosphere is inviting.a friend and i had almost eaten elsewhere for dinner, and after noticing it seemed a little off (and definitely a tourist trap), we were happy to find solace at firmine.i had the pasta carbonara: purely decadent white sauce and yolky goodness served up with pancetta and parmesan cheese. my friend had the beef ragu, which was also very well-portioned and the exact right amount of food for dinner. most american places overload you with food, so the manageable meal sizes in paris really open your eyes to how much you actually need to eat to be full. stop by here for some tasty pizza, as well, as the tables surrounding us were filled with many inventive and delicious looking pies. firmine is a true tourist gem. for our last night in a paris we wanted to have dinner close to the eiffel tower. we were looking for something casual, not too expensive and also needed a little break from french food (the menu did offer traditional french options). after reading reviews we decided on firmine since it's .3 miles from the eiffel, was reasonably priced and the pictures of the food looked fresh and homemade. we were extremely happy with our decision. the staff spoke english and were friendly to us which was a great start to the night. two american couples walked in shortly after us who were loud, asked for multiple alterations be made to the meals and were overall obnoxious. i was pleasantly surprised at how well the waiter handled this table and continued being friendly. we ordered a bottle of montepulciano wine for only 25. we were hesitant to order a wine that wasn't french but this one was just as good as the french options. for starters we ordered the mozzarella and tomato and the ham de parma (prosciutto). we cleaned out plates! the prosciutto had plenty of flavor, wasn't covered in fat and not overly salty. we cleaned our plates! for dinner my husband and i ordered the firmine pizza and the carbonara. for a meal containing cream, the carbonara was so light and not heavy in my stomach. the egg yolk on top was a perfect add. once cracked and mixed into the hot pasta it added to its creaminess. the lardoons added a nice pancetta flavor without over powering the meal. pasta was obviously fresh! the pizza was good but not great. i expected much better considering the app and pasta were so good.  the tables next to us ordered spaghetti which looked just as good as the carbonara. i would recommend ordering the pastas over the pizza. for dessert, we ordered the warm chocolate cake. it came with a scoop of ice cream and was just as good as the rest of the meal!i would definitely recommend coming here esp if you need a break from traditional french food. had a lunch here on a friday in late october. the place was quite full but the service waa excellent so we never noticed that it was so busy. got our drinks really fast and our food in under 10minutes!the staff has decent english and the meny has an english explenation for all items on the meny.i had carbonara with tagliatelle with a cold beer. everything tasted great and i would definetely recommend this place if you are visiting the eiffeltower. our server did not care for us because we were american but i'm okay with that because the food was delicious. boyfriend and i started off with red wine and french onion soup. for our entrees we split the firmine pizza and carbonara. the food was fresh and, as previously mentioned, delicious. if you are touring the eiffel tower and looking for a bite to eat, visit firmine. we went here after a long day. we were tired and hungry and were extremely surprised at how quick and efficient the service was. the food was fantastic . try the calamari - tender and buttery. we all had different pasta dishes and all the food was superb . a definite repeat. what at first i thought would be a tourist trap, turned out to be a great find right in along the touristic route. lots of locals come here, which is a good sign.we sat down at about 11:45am and were told that the kitchen would open at noon. however, staff was friendly enough to already provide drinks. we both had the salmon penne, which tasted great and wasn't too expensive considering that you are can literally see the eiffel tower from the terrace. my only first-world problem here was the lack of wifi, since i really wanted to look up travel routes for the afternoon. had a delightful lunch here, this is definitely excellent and way above par for restaurants near tourist sites.the carbonara was superb. creamy, with lots of chunky bacon and they left cheese at the table to add to taste. only downside was that the pasta was slightly over cooked and a bit soft. that truly was the only downside.had the palmeta pizza and the chorizo slices were salty goodness. they even made the pizza in a heart shape for us. awwwww. such a fresh tasting pizza with spicy oil on the side.this restaurant is a standout in that it's clean, modern, and the food is actually really good in spite of it being near the eiffel tower. many of their customers are tourists, but it isn't by any means overrun by them. i'd happily return. this restaurant definitely pulls in tourists as it's located right by the eiffel tower. we ordered the carbonara and a pizza to share before heading to the eiffel tower (yes, we succumbed to the loud ambience and english menu). the carbonara included a perfect yolk on top that was delicious when mixed with everything. the pasta was light, creamy, and they gave a lot of bacon (probably for us americans). the arugula pizza was thin crust (my fav!) and super cheesy! this place gets pretty packed during peak hours as do all the restaurants on this street! we came here on our first night in france as it is both close to the eiffel tower and our hotel. it is definitely a place that is popular with tourists as every single table seemed to be speaking english as we arrived. i didn't have high hopes for the food as it seems so touristy, but i was pleasantly surprised.if you want pasta, definitely get the carbonara. it is some of the best carbonara i've ever had. everyone at my table agreed that it was the best pasta dish of the night. it comes with a lot of meat and a yolk on top that you can pop and watch it ooze onto your pasta. i almost ate the entire thing myself!the other pastas that we ordered (pesto, olive oil + chili, marinara) were also good. it's just that the carbonara was the best one!we tried the escargot here and we've never had it before so we can't compare it to anything else, but all of us were not a fan.overall, not a place for authentic french food but still a great place for a good meal. the waiters were very friendly and spoke english and the food was great. this was the first restaurant that i ate it while visiting paris and i must say that i was left very unimpressed. came here around 8:00 pm on a monday night after visiting the eiffel tower (about 10-15 minutes walk from the tower) and doing a quick search on yelp to see if there were any highly rated places that were close to us. we were immediately greeted and seated accordingly. having nothing to eat all day, my brother and i initially were going to spilt two entrees but when we saw that they had carbonara, we knew that we both wanted our own. being fattys and assuming that we were going to get a small plate of carbonara, like one normally does at italian/french restaurant, we decided to split a pizza as well. "two carbonaras?", our awesome server exclaimed. we nodded and waited patiently while our food was being delivered. boom, here's the pizza. the first thing i noted while that glorious item was set down was the amount of cheese on that thing. thin crust? i couldn't tell because the pizza was literally covered in melted cheese. taste wise? man that thing was legit all cheese/grease. my younger self or hungover counterpart would have loved it, but as a first meal in paris, i must say that the overwhelming amount of cheese and subsequent grease really took away from what is generally hard to mess up. i mean it's just pizza. was it better than your average pizza joint? hell yeah..the ingredients, crust, sauce, meats, etc. we're all amazing but the cheese just overpowered everything. may i mention, the pizza was pretty big and i was starting to get full after finishing my half. boom, our server, drops the bread basket. i timidly look at it because i want it to eat but, the carbonara is coming out soon. a few minutes elapse and viola...the main attraction has been delivered. holy...i think to myself; as the waiter places the plates on table. this thing looks gigantic! (to put it in perspective, there is a minimum of 4/5 servings in this plate). my skepticism starts to emerge as this dish is usually pretty heavy/dense. i break that beautiful golden yolk and dig in. first impression: meh. despite the beautiful presentation, i must say that taste wise, this item was pretty disappointing--tasted like something i could have gotten at a three star establishment in the states. was it rich and dense like i expected. yep. did it contain a mad amount of crispy prosciutto. yep. how much pasta did i get? it literally felt like it was placed in a super deep dish with a never ending amount of food in it. after about 30 minutes, my brother and i both gave up. we both killed at least 80 percent of it but man was that thing super dense. "was it enough food?" our server smirked? we just laughed. man did we wish he told us we were ordering too much food. overall, the ambiance, the service, and the location with regards to the eifle tower, were all positives. the food; however, was not the greatest. i almost had the impression that this place caters to american tourist because of the amount of food they gave you was equivalent to the over portioned sizes found in the u.s.; would i eat here again? probably not but if you are looking for a place that is close to the tower and a place is very affordable and one that gives you the bang for you buck, i would recommend this establishment. also, just observing the other dishes delivered to our neighboring eaters, the entrees here are generally very big so value-wise this place gets a 5 star. the tartar and frites looked bomb by the way. kind of wish i gotten that. thank god the metro we needed to take was like 15 minutes away because we needed to burn those calories. lovely authentic parisian restaurant.another great paris foody place.although i only had pizza this time it was very very gooooooood!give it a go, sit out front and watch the world go by with a glass of wine :) visited this place twice, the pizza was better the first time, but the service sucked. our waitress was rather cold and seemed preoccupied, that was until the locals came in and she perked right up, the difference was so obvious. the second trip the pizza wasn't as tasty but the service was really good. i love this place :) best entrecout ayy the spelling lol, ever! the smell of all foods coming from the kitchen was amazing! this was the best meal we've had in paris! the location is great (near the eiffel tower), the service was terrific and the food was outstanding! if you have a chance to visit paris, eat at firmine. i didn't know one travels to france for pizza, but this place makes some damn good pizza. when i was staying in paris for a few days, i made myself a regular here! that's just how good it was.the staff was friendly, and really helpful with my english speaking self. visited this restaurant during our trip to paris in september of 2015. we had dinner here after our evening stroll to see the eiffel tower! not only was it very convenient and a good restaurant in the area it was a affordable restaurant with great food and so close to the eiffel tower. we had the beef carpaccio to share as our starter and it was of very good quality! we also had escargot, which was my first time so i was hesitant but luckily it was saucy which made it easier to swallow! we also shared tagliatelle la carbonara with egg yolk and parma pizza which was air dried ham and egg yolk. they were all yummy and definitely a must try.as for the service it was as we expected, specially for a busy restaurant. it definitely was not quick and prompt, but it didnt bother us cause it wasn't as if we were on a crunch for time. will definitely visit again once we go back to paris! location: about ten minutes from the eiffel tower. you'd think the place would be full of tourists, but nope - that wasn't the case when we went.the place: we sat outside so i don't know what the indoors looks like. the have a pretty big terrace that's covered so you can sit outside even when he weather is crap.the goods: i was famished and went for the vegetarian pizza with some ham. yes, i know but i needed protein and cheese doesn't count. toppings included artichoke, roasted peppers, mushrooms, cheese and olives. there may have been something else but i don't remember. the crust is thin and was quite good. overall, this pizza was solid and i ate the whole thing. portion-wise, it's big enough to share between two people but if you've walked over 20,000 steps over two days like i did, you should feel no shame in wolfing down the entire thing - and have wine to wash it down. my friend had the chicken and fries and i'm going to guess he was pretty satisfied because there was nothing left on his plate by the time he was done. i guess that was to make up for the invisible chicken incident from the previous night. see my review for l'avant comptoir to find out what i'm talking about. we each had a glass of wine as well.service: good. also, our food came out so fast that we briefly thought we were getting reheated food or something but that wasn't the case!price point: for the two of us, it cost 47, which is a lot better then our previous experience where dude never got his chicken. 1 block away from the eiffel tower for a great night picture. we picked this spot because it was open at 10pm, and it was near the eiffel tower for us to watch the light show which happens every hour when it's dark. food: we got the pizza, french onion soup, and green pesto. all the food was good. pizza crust was on point, not to soft or hard. green pesto pasta was good even with no meat. french onion although was a little expensive was very tasteful. price: pizza - 14-16onion soup - 9wine - 5-7 / glassgreen pesto - 14 are we at france or italy? our pasta lunch was so good!!!!tagliatelle a la carbonara (14,00 ) creme fraiche, lardoons, egg yolk. great tasting fresh pasta, cooked in perfection. break the yolk, mix it in and enjoy the plate of carb goodness. i honestly wanted to finish the whole thing, but i was so full. lasagne bolognaise (14,00 ) tomato and minced beef steak. the slightly sweet sauce was so good. the cheese on top was goey and strechier than my yoga pants. complimentary baguette bread basket is served.tourist friendly, firmine is located not too far from the eiffel tower. we had the option to sit either indoor or outdoor, not knowing the outdoor patio is the smoking section. friendly host and non attentive waitress. the waitress service was between polite and not friendly. it was almost like "yes, i will help you, but i honestly don't want to be here"the tables are pretty close together. the waitress bumped into my left arm few times without saying anything. i guess that's normal in paris? i don't really like stranger's stomach or butt touching me when i eat. is that too much to ask?quick tip: english menu is available!4 stars!! firmine is yummylicious!! nice find near the eiffel tower. prices are very reasonable and pastas were very fresh. the baguette they serve with the dishes is also very good. we went around mid afternoon and it is relatively empty. place also is open relatively late (11:30pm), which is great. our last night in paris and we were craving italian... we went around 7pm and there was no wait (i don't think i saw anyone have to wait for a table during our whole meal). it was mostly tourists but a few french people as well. our waiter was extremely friendly and service was super fast!! the pasta was amazing and paired perfectly with a sauvignon blanc. i would definitely recommend this place. we came to firmine for dinner on a sunday night after going to see the eiffel tower. since it was already about sunset, we wanted to stay close enough to the eiffel tower to go back for the light show. firmine was close, convenient and based on the reviews it seemed really promising. we got there before 9pm and was seated pretty much right away. everything else just went downhill from there. we had asked for water when we ordered, but after 10 minutes we had to ask again. we did have the escargot to start (which was actually delicious), but the complimentary bread basket that i heard the waiter mention to the table next to us "you can't have that without the bread!" was never offered to us. we've been to a few restaurants since we've been to paris, and i know the waiting process is usually longer than i'm accustomed to as a new yorker, but when i see a table just sitting down when we were already on our appetizer and then receiving all their food before us makes me question what exactly is happening. at almost 10pm when our main courses still have not arrived, the waiter noticed me looking and came with no apology regarding the wait but more of an attitude that the food has been place. it's been almost an hour at this point, what do you mean has been placed?!?? to add insult to injury, when the food finally arrived and we were just about done he hands us the check without even being asked for it. i checked their hours just to see if they were closing soon, and they close at 11:30 when we handed the check before it was even 1030. i'm really glad this wasn't my first experience in paris, bc everywhere else i've been to has been delightful. when it comes to their food, the escargot was pretty good. the pesto sauce had a really nice flavor. the fermine pizza was really bland (not recommended), and the lasagna was good, just very heavy. with so many delicious options in paris, i would not recommended a place that treats their customers so poorly. the pizza was amazing and i'd go again just for that. the french onion soup was not quite as beefy tasting as i was expecting, but still good. we ordered one drink, the mojito royal which had enough alcohol to justify the price. prices were a bit on the high side, but the restaurant is close to the eiffel tower so it's understandable. service was excellent. would go again. so the we started with cappuccinos and they were scrumptious. next, we had the calamari. we also tried the chorizo pizza with egg. everything was just delicious and the service was so hospitable. the server even split out pizza. sit outside on the patio to people watch. thank you for making our first meal in paris special. food was good and was the service. it is easily located in central paris. they communicate great if you only speak english. i will be back in the future came here for dinner after visiting the eiffel tower (of course) due to the high ratings on yelp. dropped by around 7pm on a thursday and was seated immediately. i ended up ordering the duck confit and ended up being disappointed.. i'm the type of person to never waste food and would stuff myself if i have to.. but i couldn't get myself to finish my meal. i ate like 2/3 of it and gave up. my mom ordered the salmon pasta which was mediocre.. nothing special at all. def a tourist trap and i wouldn't recommend coming here. as a prior review said, this looks like a tourist trap given it's great intersection cafe location by the eiffel tower, but it is not!look beyond the tourist items and you will find great pastas and other local fare. well worth a casual night at a bistro table in paris! this place is a great family friendly restaurant steps from the eiffel tower. when we arrived a little after 10pm i was a little concerned because the restaurant was packed! but the waiter cheerfully greeted us and basically made room for us in the corner of the restaurant. our waitress was nice and welcoming. like many parisians our waitress also spoke english but politely listened to us as we attempted to speak french. the food was simple and tasty. we had the chapters salad which was fresh and tasty. my mom had the pizza which she couldn't stop raving about. i also ate the carbonara which was creamy and well seasoned. i would gladly eat here any day of the week. i was pickpocketed inside the restaurant (about $2000k). and the staff didn't seem to be surprised by this. we were seated in a small corner by our server. we were a little surprised why that would stack all the customers in one small corner while the other side was completely empty. shortly after we were seated, a lady sat down at the table behind me, her back was against my back. i noticed she was sitting a little too close to me. i turned around and it seemed like she was just pushing her chair out and trying to stand up and wave at her friend outside the restaurant. the. they quickly disappeared without ordering any food. when i was reaching for my wallet (from the inside of my jacket's pocket) to pay for the meal, the wallet was still there, but the stack of cash (that didnt fit in my wallet - i was visiting from the us) had disappeared. the jacket was hung on the back of the chair. i quickly realized i had been pickpocketed by that lady, inside the restaurant. we saw a security camera and asked to see it. another server said the camera wasn't working ... and asked if we wanted to report to the police. he also said he recognized the lady and her accomplice. after he was on the call with the police (supposedly), he told us we would have to report it at a local police station and gave us the address. we wanted to raise aware of the situation in this restaurant, hopefully to prevent this from happening again. we went the the address and to our surprise, that office is closed to public. the whole situation and what happened in the restaurant was rather strange. so beware! watch your stuff. we were so alert on the streets but we let our guard down when we walked into what was supposed to be a decent restaurant. this place is amazing! food, service, wine, everything was just top notch! we always hear about french people being rude, but this was the best service i had on my trip! we had snails, beef carpaccio, pesto pasta and pizza and everything was perfect!	1	0	1	0	1
 service was good but that pasta! best pasta i have eaten ever! rigatoni with summer truffle and mushrooms! we also ordered the filet mignon with black pepper sauce and it was amazing. all of this occurred as we are sitting in the terrace overlooking the eiffel tower! it is expensive but way worth it! we came at lunch time as views are nicer in the daytime. ps. amazing lighting for photos excellent service by a young lady who spoke 7 languages (half danish, half senegalese) and clemence (all french beauty)...both great.delicious dishes.truffle pizza, too small and overpriced.sea bass - lovelycauliflower soup - nicepasta with truffles - very good.charlotte - right sweetness. beautiful and delicious.all staff friendly and professional. met the general manager and the chef. the hostess had visited chicago and loved it.fabulous. medi for the end of our parisian excusion! he was our server and the best one yet. he was excited about the food, energetic, very knowledgeable and hilarious! the calamari was fried well, hard but it was bland so the lemon and tarter sauce helped, neither of which i usually use. my entree' the crispy pig with mashed potatoes was great, a little crunch, a great sear and just beautiful on the plate. the mashed potatoes were a great paring with the pig and the gravy in which it sat. lastly, my dessert, a chocolate cake with hazelnut ice cream atop a little cookie. omg so good, i had seen a guy a table over from us eating it and just said i want that! i almost forgot my apple martini which was so on par with my evening, just the right amount of sweetness, the only downfall, the waitress (not medi) grabbed it before i ate the apple that was in the glass :(the view was everything, when we were seated, it was still light out but as the sun began to set and the eiffel tower began it's light show, it was awesome! really came here to have brunch with eiffel tower view but we picked wrong day (rain) and didn't make reservation in advance so we were tossed in the corner of the lobby/bar area. please please make reservation if you don't want to be mistreated. they had ton of seats available but told me and my friend (right? party of two) to come back in an hour. we came back still toss us on to the lobby area which they had it available this whole time. we were pretty pissed about how rude the hostess treated us. i think it's because we were asian and didn't speak french but server lady was very very nice so it made our experience abit better. we got 2 cups of coffee to start, and for our meal i ordered ceviche and my friend ordered asparagus dish which had some nice green dressing underneath and mixed with quinoa and arugula. both were pretty good size. their bread was delicious our server brought out olive oil , balsamic vinegar and butter. overall experience wasn't as bad but also wasn't as good as i wanted it to be. so please make reservation ahead of time!! an intimate place to grab dinner...but make sure you have the time!overall it was over a two hour dining experience, but the food was worth it. we started with the escargot which were delicious, and the crispy pig as one of the mains. the tenderness of the pig and sauce that it sits in was unreal. i could eat that over and over. we made reservations over the phone, and they only allow you to do so within a week of the date. the website reservations proved impossible to find an open time. i can only give the restaurant 3 stars because i found that their staff is extremely rude. probably because my guest and i are americans. i was highly pleased with the food during my fine dining visit. specializing in french food, monsieur bleu is located near the eiffel tower. hard to locate as it's part of a museum. without knowing so, you can easily pass them as they are raised up on a platform off the street and you would assume that's just the museum.arriving at the restaurant, the hostess and coat checker asked if we had a reservation. we said no and she looked and laughed. she said she'll see if she can get us a table, rudely. we waited a few seconds and she heard back on her communication set that there's a table available. she takes our coats and leads us in the restaurant. very dim at night, there isn't much light. the restaurant is huge. it also screams fancy. lots of business suits and guests that are here just having a drink. there's empty tables everywhere. i don't see what the big deal was. she just wanted to tell us that we should've made a reservation. bad start.sitting down, we had a waitress who didn't seem too patient with us either. not like we needed her patience but just the fact that she had to speak english to us versus french, she seemed annoyed. so off the bat, bad service. they don't work off tips anyways. we order a few dishes and a drink. they came out pretty fast! i would say a turn around time of 15 minutes. but as we waited, we were given complimentary bread and i asked for some butter to pair with my bread. we tried their steak tartare and crispy duck. the steak tartare could be one of the best that i've had. moist and full of flavor, my guest almost wanted to come back the next day to dine in again. i would give that request a big fat no as they don't deserve our business. by far my favorite meal in paris. my boyfriend and i went to monsieur bleu for a date night after it was recommended to us by a blogger.the food was amazing. i had the filet mignon covered with a delicious peppercorn sauce. both meals were served with complimentary sides by our server.our server was extremely friendly, brought us english menus, and recommended her favorite wine that paired great with our meals.the best part of the night was the incredible view of the eiffel tower. my 2 friends and i came here for dinner the first night we were in paris and they were so kind and accommodating. we had been walking around all day and were cold and tired and not dresses to eat somewhere this nice but they didn't even bat an eyelash - we waited maybe 3 minutes and were seated immediately. the server didn't seem thrown off by our attire (i was in jeans but a friend was in sweats, we were all wearing sneakers). we all had the bordeaux to start, the give you olives and almonds as an "amuse bouche" i had the steak tartar, 1 friend had the filet, and my other friend had the lamb. our entrees ranged from 25-35 euroshoneslty it was one of the best meals we had and it was only our first night. and then to top it all off, they called a cab for us to send up back to the hotel. they really know how to make you feel truly special! gorgeous restaurant , excellent service and a bonus ! it's right across from the eiffel tower! how amazing is that! i came here for my bday on easter and surprisingly it wasn't as packed as we initially thought ... i order the sea scallops and my love ordered the filet mignon ( it came with fries ) . after it was done ,we decided to spice up our night a little and do something we've both had on our minds well mostly his lol ... it's not what you're thinking lol so naughty ! we ordered snails... and i dared myself to taste one and it's actually not bad ! the process to get it out was type gross . you would have to hold it down with a clamp and use the 3 finger fork that is given and pull the snail from its shell ( kinda look like a booger) yea i told you it was gross ! anyway would i return ....absolutely!!! they can hold the snails.. however! this place was bomb. i have to note though, that if you're american: make sure you say tap water, if not they'll charge you like 8 for evian bottled water. other than that, stunning view of the eiffel tower, i got the pork belly or something and it was phenomenal. the waitress was very attentive and kind. for what it was, the price was justified. the ambiance was very nice and the location was ideal. great atmosphere, music, food, and view!!! i was honestly in awe of the eiffel tower view at this restaurant - it doesn't get better than this! my friend ordered the spicy beef, and i ordered the beef tartare. the spicy beef is absolutely amazing! and i definitely recommend it. i wasn't a huge fan of the beef tartare but i think that's just a personal preference. it was also such a huge portion. i left a lot on my plate and the waitress was very worried that something was wrong with the dish. this restaurant is extremely attentive and caring of their customers! the music is very nice too and it's definitely a romantic, parisian atmosphere. it's a part of the palais de tokyo, and behind a lot of greenery so it's a bit hard to spot. i also ordered a mojito which was really strong. the total meal of two entrees, one appetizer, and a drink was about ~100 euros which i didn't think was bad at all! all in all, the food and service are great and the atmosphere and view are even better!!! this restaurant was one of the highlights of my trip! i booked it as a surprise birthday dinner for my mom. i wished we had arrived a little later because we literally had the first table upon arrival. apparently dinner is served "later" in paris. at first entering we loved the ambience. the dj was playing a variety of music and it was all tasteful. some avant garde and some classic. it really set the mood for an elegant vibe. our server was a very sweet girl (wish i could remember her name!) who gave great suggestions on food! we tried the octopus, the spicy beef steak, and the ravioli which was amazing! then we asked for a suggestion on dessert. since it was mom's bday we ordered two...a strawberry mousse and a chocolate option...absolutely delicious! mom was so happy! it didn't hurt that we had a view of the eiffel tour the entire time at dinner. just a beautiful place with an incredible menu! i would recommend going later...around 8 or 9pm that way you can enjoy the nice bar as soon as you walk and can people watch for days! the food was decent but the staff was unapologetically rude. we made a reservation for 3 and they initially refused to seat us "because of attire" despite being appropriately dressed compared to the other patrons. i would never eat here again even if my meal were free.they initially told us we could not be seated because my friend was wearing shorts (with a nice collared shirt, mind you). then, they proceeded to seat men in shorts, women in sneakers, and children that did not follow this alleged "dress-code." not to mention, this was for seating in the outdoor terrace and it was during a heat-wave of 95 degrees when we visited. i simply would have left and never looked back but my friends were tired, hot, and had planned for this meal. ultimately, they sat us after we asked why all these other patrons in shorts were seated and they agreed to seat us with the modifier of "just this once." ugh.the food was actually pretty good but the portions were small and the prices were not worth the premium especially considering how rude they were to us. if this dress-code exists, they should clearly post it on their website. one of those "blink and you'll miss it" restaurants. affiliated with the palais de tokyo modern art museum, monsier bleu is located close to the museum, but not directly adjacent to it. it took us forever to find it after visiting the palais de tokyo and having staff members look at us confusedly and giving vague directions. i'll save you the heartache, it is located down the steps of the trocadero and the entrance is to the right. there's a very small sign that says monsier bleu that can be overlooked. you enter through the patio into the main building. the food is heavily influenced with asian accents like the very good chicken tom kha soup (actually the best version i've had anywhere) and the king prawn ravioli in warm broth. the menu is extensive with a lot of small plates. for entrees, we had the filet with fries. the filet was a little tough. also had the rack of lamb which wasn't bad at all.looks like this place starts picking up around 8, anything earlier and it feels like a ghost town.go for the amazing views of the eiffel tower if you can snag a coveted table. this is without question the best restaurant i've ever been to in terms of everything. it's situated right on the river with a pretty pedestrian bridge across the street from it. it's very close to one of the bridges so after you dine all you have to do is walk across the street and you're on one of the bridges that has a beautiful view of the eiffel tower. we had a full course meal and it cost about 100 euros. the ambiance was excellent the waiter was excellent the sea bass i had was excellent. it was just a wonderful dining experience. they have outdoor dining as well but i chose to dine indoors and had a nice corner seat. this is definitely a must eat at restaurant when you were visiting paris.one of the things you should be aware of. the restaurant does not have a sign from the street. do not walk up the big giant steps. instead you will know when you are there because the restaurant is directly across the street from one of the bridges. the food is good and you have a great view on the eifel tower. unfortunately, the service was very bad and we saw a couple of mice. we definitly do recommend this place to anyone. came here with my boyfriend on our recent trip to paris. it was his last night so we wanted to have dinner somewhere fancy and we were persuaded to go to monsieur bleu based on the great yelp reviews we read.the location is beautiful, you can see the eiffel tower from the restaurant, it's definitely a great date spot. the outdoors section of the restaurant is also very nice, too bad it was too cold for us to sit outside. the service was great, our server was able to explain the menu to us in english and make recommendations. we ended up getting escargot as our appetizer, and lamb chops for my boyfriend, the whole roasted sea bass for me. the escargot was divine! lamb chops were good but nothing out of this world. for the sea bass, they first bring out the whole roasted fish for you to see, then the waitress took it to the back to prepare it (aka take out the bones) and brought it back within minutes. the bass was sooo tender, great flavor. great food, great atmosphere, but it's pricey so be prepared to shell out at least 40 euros a person. a lovely outdoor restaurant with a view of the eiffel tower. we had the foie gras, gazpacho, tuna tataki, and caramelized black cod. our meal was quite good, but not exactly mind-blowing. i think this spot is best for the view- it would be especially great for la fte nationale! come here for: business lunches and views of the eiffel tower food: average, i had shrimp ravioli which had a nice thai inspired broth. we also had the foie gras burger and foie gras- both could be skipped. the pasta with truffles was nice for one or two bites but wasn't balanced and the portion was far too large. pumpkin soup is amazing!!!! service: well organized and managed, nothing spectacular on references decor: one of the best parts, an art deco inspired large space in the palais de tokyo across the river from the eiffel tower, score the right table and you'll get the view one of the best places i have been to in paris! nice view of the eiffel tower also. the dessert was amazing, upside down lemon tart ice cream. defo worth a try. food is excellent. we ordered the snail, sea bass and roasted vegetables, all excellent. for a fancy effie's tower view with dinner, i send everyone i know here. great service, great ambiance - if you're looking for a nice dinner (it's not too loud and too stuffy). my sister and i had the cauliflower salad (not my favorite but still good), octopus (delicious as all europeans seem to know how to cook an awesome octopus), prawn ravioli (so good it almost created a family feud), lamb chops (not as memorable), dorado (i think one of my sisters favorite fish of all time - so good), and something foamy for dessert that i can't remember. this is a beautiful outdoor restaurant and is the perfect paris lunch experience. set right next to the museum of modern art and next to the river. great food. the food here was amazing and the outside patio was beautiful. my husband and i had the escargot, the crispy skin pork, the spicy beef, the cafe gourmand, and the strawberries with balsamic. every dish was delicious and we agreed we would return here again if we find ourselves back in paris. be sure to make a reservation as we went early on a friday night (19:30) and the restaurant filled very quickly. it is a bit expensive but we think it was worth it! go here if you are looking for a nice meal near the eiffel tower (some seats may have a view of it but our view was obstructed). food was okay, service was great! this place was really nice but i was stared at a lot. being a hispanic woman from ny i came here because of it's great reviews but to be honest i've been to better. i love paris but did not appreciate all of the stares i got from all the white men/women amazing meal and beautiful view. our waitress was lovely and did not rush us. my one critique: the bathroom really needs to be maintained. big shout out to brittany f, who recommended monsieur bleu to me before my paris trip. we saved this restaurant for our final night in paris and it was so worthy of that special occasion visit. we knew the restaurant was located at the palais de tokyo, but our driver dropped us off on the side street nearby, which had us a little confused on the restaurant's whereabouts for a minute. take the large staircase facing avenue de new york and then the restaurant entrance will be on the left. we were shown to our table which had the most amazing view of the eiffel tower (which only got better as the skies darkened and the tower sparkled!). to start, glasses of perrier-jout, of course! so many reviews mentioned the artichoke salad, and i couldn't resist trying it myself. it was light and the perfect starter, with fresh artichoke and parmesan shavings. my husband had shrimp dumplings, which were incredible. for my main, i went with the tataki tuna, which was excellent. desserts were inventive and fun, and i highly recommend the lemon tart. the ambiance is super trendy and the dj was spot on with his selections. i discovered some new music that night which i've been listening to since i got back from my trip. i would definitely return on a future visit and have already recommended it to friends. this has got to be my the creme de la creme in all of the spots i've been to in paris!we had a 10:30 reservation, showed up a few minutes late wasn't a problem was kindly greeted at coat check. metal detectors as well... the guy was quiet & prodesssional. we had to wait at the bar for 10 minutes just enough time to have a cool signature drink. we were kindly greeted in english even tho we speak both we had a seat upstairs in the vip section cozzy ambiance with big comfy blue soft chairs. the waiter was fantastic i didn't have to lift a finger was treated like a queen. after we were done we made it downstairs and they gave us a seat right beside the window so we could watch the eiffle tower flash. all and all great amazing experience, minus the ladies bathroom i would forsure come back. this was the worst service i have ever experienced in a "so called" upscale restaurant . we finally were asked for our cocktail order after 30 minutes then had to repeatedly ask for wine pours throughout our dinner. upon leaving through a very long walk through the garden maize, no one asked if we needed a taxi. obviously we had to return to the restaurant and ask for help then were mocked . very un-classy for a so called reputed establishment. i forgot to mention that a waiter dropped a platter of glass that caused a cut on my ankle!!!!! and the for my bleeding i was offered a wet paper towel. the representation of the spectacular views from the dining room were nonexistent, there are no views of anything. in summary, would recommend that this is an experience you should skip. there are so many fabulous places in paris with much more hospitable and helpful staff for a fraction of the price. and places that charge comparably that provide a much more hospitable and service oriented experience. it totally tainted our evening. we should have gone to spend the evening with our friends at le voltaire!! my friends and i were lucky enough to dine outside here. we were seated at the back of the dining area, closes to the eiffel tower and just behind us was a little balcony with an excellent view of the eiffel tower. our waiter was really friendly and made a real effort to help us out in english and make recommendations. they had a limited cocktail menu (i'm not a wine drinker). i got a caiprinha which was 14 and it was really nice. i got calamari to start and the portion was much bigger than i expected. really tasty and came with a tartare sauce. my main was chicken with morrel mushrooms and mashed potato. it was absolutely amazing. the chicken skin was crispy, the chicken itself was really juicy, and the mashed potatoes were so creamy and smooth. the entire dish was so full of flavour. of all the places i've been to in paris, you can't beat the surroundings or the food, and well worth the price!	0	1	1	0	1
 quaint restaurant tucked away near champs lyse. we got here just after closing and after coming to find out that everything nearby was also probably closed given it was late on a sunday, barabara herself kept her restaurant open! after enjoying a perfectly cooked duck breast,she then gave us a few tips on other restaurants while in town. five stars for what it is trying to be. if you want michelin, there are many other options (and more $$$) good restaurant for dinner. had the steak and fries and the pepper sauce which was excellent (my wife dipped bread in my leftover sauce at the end of the meal). friend had the salmon which was very good. we had dinner but lunch seems to be a good choice also. not a high brow feel and closer to an american diner ambiance but food is good and consistent. reservations strongly suggested (we saw barbara turn people away and there seemed to be space) because the seating is limited and typical of a establishment in paris there is no rush for you to leave. she also wants the place to be right. we were early for ours and seemed bothered because we came when the table wasn't ready. you have to appreciate a business owner who wants things to be right for her guests. so there's only so much escargot, brie and the like you can eat. chez barbara is a great little place tucked away off the champs-elysees that serves what i would call great pub food. spaghetti, hamburger, chicken curry and the like. and it's good!her english was excellent, and there are french and english menus available.we started with the tomato-mozarella salad, then my wife had the hamburger and i had the chicken curry. we had to wait because it was cooked to order, but we didn't have to wait long to pay the bill or anything like that as we're used to in a lot of paris bistros.the food was good and you're on a little side street so the noise isn't there. no outdoor seating, but a few tables right on the edge open to the outside. not a big deal but at least you feel like you're sitting outside. nice spot, comfortable chairs and cozy ambience. food was only okay, we felt that we had had better. service was not bad, though it took some time to get the check. prices were easy on the wallet, including 2.5 glasses of house red for 8 euro. overall not a bad experience! reviews led us around the block to this red canopy. got mojitos, appetizer caesar salad with chicken. chicken curry and rice is yes as good as you all have been saying. easy going mealtime around 7pm. we were served sliced bagettes and ice cold water! i really needed a refresher after walking. 52,which is what we pay going out to sushi back home. was rudely turned away without explanation even though the restaurant was empty (see photo). i wonder why lol? i don't really wonder. upon further inspection i was glad i didn't eat here because the restaurant looked cheap and unappealing. very nice place that is close to the shopping district as well. the curry chicken was phenomenal. although they ran out of rice to serve with it, they provided me with mashed potatoes instead. it was very tasty and prices were reasonable. outstanding food, service and atmosphere ! barbara was engaging, funny, and her food was delicious... our group of six boston mass foodies trusted the yelp and we are glad we did! carbonara pasta, curry chicken, beef tartar, and the croque monsieur we're delightful! don't pass by this hidden gem! c'est magnifique! enjoyed a wonderful meal this evening at barbara's.barbara was an excellent hostess and made us feel very welcome. she even commented on my grasp of the french language. ha! ha! oui!i enjoyed the salmon and mashed potatoes.f this place is absolutely wonderful and so accommodating to english speaking patrons! the reviews about the curry chicken and rice dish were spot on. it smelled delicious before it even reached the table. the folks at the next table were even asking about it because it smelled so good! my daughter had the tomato and mozzarella dish and the cheese balls were homemade, soft and light. perfect little bistro! awesome food and great service! we walked from champs lyses to chez barbara since it was almost 11pm and all the restaurants nearby were already closing. when we got there only the bar was open, so we left outside to look for another restaurant, but of course most places were already closed. the nice lady at the restaurant noticed this and came out to offer us to come in and eat even though her restaurant/ kitchen was already closed! on top of that the food was great! i ordered a burger and escargot, both very good and fresh. i asked for medium and it was cooked perfectly. my family and friends (a total group of 6) ordered different plates including the chicken curry, pasta, salads and everything was great and cooked very well! 5 stars for great service and great food! if you're in paris, this is definitely a great place to eat! a short walk from our hotel, this restaurant had great food. the waitress was pleasant and the atmosphere was great. i had the burger (delicious) and my husband had the duck (amazing!) this is such a little gem in this area of the city and would recommend to anyone. great service, good food. we came here on a sunday night around 10, and the restaurant was empty! barbara served us and was a lot of fun, she recommended beers and places to visit, and was very accommodating about dietary restrictions. i had the chateaubriand with french fries, and it wasn't the best i've had, but it was pretty tasty.overall the experience was great because barbara was so welcoming, would definitely come here again! we had great food, great wine, and excellent service here. we do not speak french, but did not need to here. such a relaxing atmosphere and the pasta was delicious. we will definitely return before we depart paris. beef tartar was the best i've ever had! this is a must have, it's a great value. the owner was delightful, charming and friendly to americans. the restaurant was quite but i think that was because football match was playing. when i return to paris, i will return to see barbara! the vegetarian pasta is unfathomably delicious. our server was kind and had a great sense of humor. 10/10! the lady in charge has an attitude, we asked for carbonara without mushrooms, she said it was impossible, then changed her mind. salads were not fresh, coffee just warm. this place was highly recommended by our concierge, but it was a waste of euros. friendly and helpful staff worked with our american english. a bit slow for ny, but normal for europe. we had two dishes. one was salad with sardines and egg. mediocre. the other was salmon with mashed potatoes, which was fantastic. for dessert, we had chocolate lava cake with ice cream and it was wonderful. absolutely phenomenal restaurant. we were visiting from usa.  barbara was hilarious and so welcoming. she translated the entire menu to english for us. would highly recommend this place to anyone!!!! came here on a sunday at 9:50pm with my husband - barbara informed us that she was unable to serve us due to the lack of bread and general menu items. unfortunate given the positive reviews. this was a nice place. the service was good except i think there was only one person working. we were a bit hesitant at first when we walked in due to the odd choice of decorations and very few people, but the food was good. i would recommend the salmon. like the other reviews say, although the menu is in french, the staff did not mind explaining the what each meal was. the prices were okay, adequate for the quality of food that was received. overall, would recommend. loved this place! chose this little cafe' from the other yelp reviews, well worth it. my wife enjoyed a perfect mild curry, i had the croque monsieur, other friends found the carbonara delightful. the host barbara was charming and teased us gently which made the evening fun and lighthearted. great salads too! a winner for sure. we walked quite a ways out of our way to come eat here because of the noted good prices and positive reviews. my husband ordered a croque madame and i ordered a croque monsoir. they tasted good but the restaurant was really nothing special for the price. the decorations were a bit odd and it didn't feel like a warm welcoming place that we wanted to linger in. plus, it seemed rather expensive (to me) for the food. 4 for a coke and 12-13 for the sandwiches, which did include a small vinegar salad plus we ordered a side order of fries. there was only one other american couple in the restaurant and a single frenchman. hearing the english conversation at the table next to us (the music was off and then very low) while eating a fried sandwich made me doubt we had chosen right for our first french dinner. unfortunately, i think i just had higher expectations. 10/10 would recommend!! great place to go on any occasion, can go casual or more fancy. owner is very nice and has english and french menus. local small business that doesn't disappoint. only thing would be to call ahead and make sure they have space, even if it's 30 mins before. cool art too!! very cute place about a 15 minute walk from the arc. we got the charcuterie plate, duck breast, and beef tartare. excellent food with great service. would definitely recommend if you're looking for a reasonably priced meal! i stopped in to this cozy place on a whim and had a lovely meal. the hostess/waitress was super friendly and my pasta carbonara was delicious. what else do you need to know? you should pay them a visit! we are spending 9 days in paris and we have eaten at a number of restaurants but we chose to eat twice so far on this trip at chez barbara. the owner, the wait staff are excellent and really treat their guests to a wonderful experience! take advantage if the specials, and get the wine suggestions as well. you will not be disappointed. it is off the beaten path on rue washington about two blocks from the champs elysees. we might even eat here once more before we leave! lunch is very busy, but you can get a good seat in the evening. a sure thing for a great meal. very good food and amazing service. food was simple but delicious and really great after a long day. not going to be the most amazing french meal you've had but it was darn good. and filling. decor is a mix between modern and a diner. we got a bottle of wine for a good price and eat got a dinner sandwich. i loved the croque monsieur with a salad and ate every bit. make sure you go early if you want to eat here. arrived at 9pm and was turned away for food. no idea if the place was any good, but word to the wise. don't walk a long way without finding out if they are serving! barbara's english was superb and put me at ease despite not knowing the french language (outside of pleasantries) and having trepidation at ordering in paris as a result. the food was excellent, atomsphere as well. highly, highly recommended for anyone of any tenure in the language visiting the city.	1	1	1	0	0
 my husband and i took a different route to our hotel and came upon l'ardoise as we were walking. the menu looked wonderful, so we had the concierge make reservations. l'ardoise's menu consists of three courses. since we liked choices from all three areas, we thought this would be a great adventure. we both started with the duck fois grass served with a small salad. we were off to a great start. it was superb!our second course (entree) was a rib eye steak (blue) for joe and chicken fricasee with tarragon sauce and risotto for me. we both were happy with our choices. the final course (dessert) was a cheese plate for joe and tiramisu for me. i loved the tiramisu--though it was the restaurant's version of the famous dessert (there were no ladyfingers and the coffee flavoring was much more subtle than the original.). it was creamy and delicious. we would highly recommend this restaurant. we found this place very close to our hotel via google. our flight and travel had us up for 24 hours and we needed an early dinner. the place is teeny and very sit right next to your neighbors. but the food was great. it's a fixed price. for 38 e, you got a entree (salad or soup or appetizer), the main course and dessert. but you could have only one or two courses for a reduced price. i had the special salad and chicken fricasee, seasoned with tarragon. excellent. frank had the pigeon special, which was a ten euro upcharge. i refrained from asking where they captured the fowl. but he loved it! i skipped dessert but had a couple bites of frank's lemon mousse with strawberries. a good reminder of how terrible the fruit is in the us. the strawberries were so sweet and flavorful. the service was good too and very pleasant. not exactly american friendly, but pleasantly professional. all was perfect until their card machine refused our cards, but they tried a different machine and all was well. but even then, they were quite nice. our table neighbors were australians whose concierge had said this place was authentically french. we agree. i give it five stars for good food and value, and a great parisian experience. found another great little modern french cuisine place thanks to my fellow yelpers. it's tucked away just behind the westin.for 38 eu they do 3 course fixe price menu. nice variety of dishes to choose from, so all in your party should be happy.the place is very small, and has seating on the main floor and basement. reservations are required to sit on the main floor. the basement seating is very hot and stuffy, and no one wants to sit down there. so you will likely end up there if they are busy and you are a walk in. we had reservations, so only had to wait about 10 min for a main floor table to open.we were delighted with our choices, as all were delicious, or better. starters: for her, snails and mushrooms in puff pastry...very tasty, but a bit too much oil in for my own taste. for me, tartar, with diced squid, mango and crispy bacon. sound like an odd combo, but it was delicious..the salty crunchy bacon, set off well with the mango and beef, while the tiny squid dice gave a nice texture.mains:. for her, the most wonderful cod dish either of us have ever had. firstly, the cod was cooked perfect, juicy and succulent; bedded on perfect mashed potatoes, which where in a sea of fabulose saffron broth. (at least that was what we thought it was). amazing! for me: i was eyeing the braised beef cheeks, and then saw the fillet in red wine sauce. i usually never order steak out, because frankly i make the most amazing steaks at home. however, i thought i must try french style at least once. so i ordered the filet mignon with a type of fancy french scalloped potatoes on top. it was good, but not the most tender filet i have had, nor nothing i could not make at home. the table next to us had the beef cheeks, and that looked like the better choice.dessert:. for her, honey and whipped creme with strawberries. for me, chocolate wedge mouse and caramel ice cream. she really liked her strawberries, but the creme was pretty sweet. i loved my chocolate mousse and caramel ice cream, and the almond lace cookies they served with it went perfectly. found this establishment of yelp and so glad we did. top notch food, drinks and service. we felt bad for the waiter running up and down the stairs and helping all the tables in the lower level. i started with froi gras, first time trying that and i don't understand what's so special and i didn't care for it but the presentation was nice. the beef cheeks were delightful and so tender. ended with the pumpkin creme brulee. the best meal we had in paris!! excellent little place in paris! this restaurant was our favorite of all the places that we experienced while we were in paris. we had called 2 hours before and made reservations for that night. we ended up walking there from our hotel which was about a 20 minute walk. upon arrival, the place was busy. the hostess asked us to wait just a few minutes and then she took us down into the basement to our table. the upstairs had about 10 tables that were all full so as we made our way down to the lower level, i was checking out the food and atmosphere. everyone there spoke english so that was nice and made the dinner a lot less stressful. the waiter was quite busy but made his way over right away and took our drink orders and went over the specials. the food came out in a timely fashion and the portions were just the right amount. we loved our experience so much that we almost went back the next night! we will go back the next time we find ourselves in paris!! best meal in paris or london! the snails with the bacon wrapped in pastry was amazing. rich but delicate. i love escargot, and this was the most delicious i have ever had. the fillet with potatoes was incredible. great flavor. the fillet wasn't as tender as some i have had but probably the flavor was better. the wine sauce was perfect. i had a kir royal which was tangy and delicious, and the red wine of the day which was nice and dry with a bit of spice and complemented my steak. you cannot beat this meal! 38 deer for a 3 course meal in paris is fair. and the food is really good. true parisian food. so glad we could eat here!! chocolate slab with caramel ice cream. oh my. save room!! amazing!!! the beef cheeks are so tender and it literally melted in my mouth. i appreciate the quality of the food. we enjoyed eating here on our last night in paris. we were a walk-in at 7:30pm, and were so grateful to be seated after a brief wait. (we didn't expect to get in at all, we lucked out!) the restaurant was very cute, hip and urban, with specials and drinks written on the walls. tables were literally elbow-to-elbow, and snug, but again, so grateful to be there at all that the close-quarters were less of a concern. the wine list was very affordable, and we thought complimented the food wonderfully. the best part of the meal for me was the foie gras appetizer, which was a very nice portion, and served with a light salad and toasted bread for spreading. a perfect ending to a lovely trip. so good! everything was so tasty! (a little too salty but i would still give this place a 5-star). all the appetizers we ordered were good, loved my sardines especially. as for main, i had their special of the night- frog legs! was so so so good! it also came with a side of salad in a separate bowl. the cold souffl was so refreshing, crme brle was not super sweet like other places, it was done just right. the service was ok. the place was really small, so cramped. their a/c was either broken or they just didn't have one, don't wear too much when you go. this is an excellent option for a casual meal at a good price point. no frills and it was extremely close to our hotel; so it was perfect for a low key first or last night dinner in paris.food: crab cake with spicy sauce was good.mozzarella and tomato salad was average. fish stew was okay to good in general, the fish was on the border of not being fresh; but the sauce enhanced the dish overall. beef fillet was outstanding, especially for a casual place.apple tart was amazing!!!! i wish i could have eaten more of this dish.cheese board with bread was very good.there were a ton of americans in this tiny restaurant, which could be a sign that it's highly connected to hotels in the area. the place is modern and doesn't have a parisian feel. the service was slow at times. wines were good for the price point. room was super small and no frills. the three course menu is 38, so it met to exceeded my expectations. this has to be my favorite place for dinner in france: delicious food, good wines, cozy, great service, clean, and great price! you won't want to miss it. eaten here every paris trip since discovering it and love it more each time. a good meal like this is hard to find at a decent price and that is not too tourist. refereed over 8 family friends who "know paris" and they say it's now a go to for them. a good mix of locals and tourists stop here for meals. my first two times there were more locals than tourists. the staff is vary fluent in english. all the dishes are exceptional and you cannot go wrong with any of your choices. be sure to make a reservation. the place fills up by 8pm. there are tables on the first floor and basement. this place is amazing and the value is incredible.  it's a small, tiny, place (tables are about 3 inches apart, so you can plan on definitely making new friends!)the food is cooked to perfection (we had cod and lamb as main, and salads as starters) and the portion size is good. desserts are also well prepared.reservations are a must and we did not have to wait for a table at our appointed time (that's always appreciated)nice, moderately priced wine list as well.three course dinner for 2, with a great bottle of red for 116 euros? in paris?  yup!!go! i made reservation for monday and confirm with pierre and it's closed on monday. totally disappointed. what kind of front desk will book a table for me on their off day. horrible! brilliant little place with a fabulous set menu. 4 stars because my ribeye was rather chewy but that cut gone other way. highly recommend and at a very decent price a cute restaurant with creative design. had three course menu, which was only option, at 38 euros. first course many selections. had a special of fresh goat cheese on a salade. creamy almost like ricotta cheese, but lighter. husband had terrine with salade. main course cod with mashed potatoes and green pure. husband had turbot (6 euros extra). with peas and saluted onions. dessert was poached pear over ice cream and chocolate mousse with ice cream. another appetizer that looked lovely was white asparagus. veal medallions with mushrooms also looked good. tables are inches apart, so you get to know your neighbors. must pull table out to get to seating along wall. go hungry because portions are large. staff was friendly and spoke english menu in english l'ardoise is a very solid restaurant. all the food here was decent and not offensive in any way. they have set meals here which are decent deals.salmon tartare appetizer: this was decent. it was strange to taste such asian flavors in this dish which include ginger, leek, and citrus. crab cakes: this was more like a crab croquette as the meat was mixed with cheese and batter. though this was deep fried well, i was expecting more of a true crab cake so keep that in mind. lamb stew: this dish was massive and was definitely more than enough to fill me up. the flavors were good and was very reminiscent of home-cooking, as i've made a very similar dish in the past myself. duck: this was a solid dish though the risotto was a bit undercooked. creme brulee: decentchocolate mousse: this mousse was extremely rich. i wish they would have whisked it a bit longer to "fluff" it up. the flavor itself was good though. service was solid and we didn't encounter any pretentious service here. give this place a shot.3.5 stars. very cozy place, just for 25 people. perfect french cuisine and good drinks. strongly recommended for romantic dinner or time with your friends. enjoy! my favorite gem in the 1st! it is a cute and cosy place with a wide variety of amazing dishes. the snail galette is the best way to eat snails. the steak and lamb are unbelievable and there are always seasonal options for specials and wine. there is typically a casserole option, last time it was beef bourguignon. i love the welcoming staff and they speak english, if you need it. the fixed prix menu is very reasonable for the neighborhood. a must try for a delectable evening in paris! this is a nice restaurant off the tourist path but right next to the action. the food is prepared very nice and the servers speak a little bit of english. it was good but i don't get why everyone is putting 4 & 5 stars, perhaps they don't dine well often? my meal was decent but there was nothing impressive or special about it. this restaurant is nothing special. we had the snail pancakes, the veal, the fois gras, and the pigeon. everything tasted good, but not great. we ate at a different michelin star restaurant the other day, and that one was to die for. wanted a full course meal at a reasonable price, so we settled on this place. while each course tasted ok, and i was stuffed at the end, it just didn't wow me like i wanted it to. i like that there is a variety to choose from. for appetizer, i chose the pate foie gras mix, which also included goat cheese. the goat cheese was a bit too much and overpowered the pate flavors. for the main course, i got the duck legs which were the special of the night. they were ok, but didn't really have much depth of flavor, and the texture was a bit boring. for dessert, i got the creme brulee. not complaints there. service was good, especially since we took about 15 minutes before we settled in because we couldn't figure out that the door to the bathroom downstairs was just immensely heavy and there wasn't someone inside using it. it's possible i just didn't order the right items, but i would skip this place and pay a bit more for better dining. do not go here. most expensive and worst tasting meal i've had in paris so far. the waitress didn't evn give us napkins or replace our water, my boyfriends rabbit pate was literally not edible, and the rest of the food was barely mediocre, at best. do not waste your time and money. down the street is ferdi, a delicious, friendly, very attentive restaurant with better prices. go there instead. if you're going for something nice and don't mind if it's expensive then this is a great place. food was good, nice and very cozy atmosphere. three course meal cost about 38 dollars. food poisoning, clear-cut case.those of us who ate the same main course got the most terrible food poisoning.the members of our party that had the chicken fricasse on tuesday, 3 may 2016 were violently ill for a full day - missed sightseeing, could not leave hotel, sickest we've ever been. i reached out to the restaurant through their online contact/reservation form to warn them of the potential risk (e.g. of this batch of the chicken), but no response.otherwise was a fairly nice, tightly packed space with mostly american/british diners. 38 not a bad price for the portions (a little too big, even). my crab/ravioli soup was good and dessert was okay, though unmemorable for paris.rating:3 stars: if the chicken fricasse hadn't caused several of us to be violently ill with food poisoning, it was a decent meal with nice selection and okay ambience.0 stars: for the most horrific 18+ hours of throwing up i've ever experienced and subsequent non-responsiveness of the l'ardoise staff.i'm not a vindictive yelper/reviewer, but people need to know something was seriously, seriously wrong with their kitchen last night. this meal was heavenly-level good. i agree with some of the other reviewers- it's great food in a casual ambiance with a good price point. the beef bourguignon was the best i've ever had - a must order. the "snails pancake" appetizer (really just chopped up snails wrapped in filo dough) was delicious. the crab cake appetizer was also amazing. i also recommend ordering, if it's on the menu, the chicken with risotto or the veal with mushrooms. you will leave stuffed, so be prepared. this is our third time here over the past 2 years.every time we come, the place is packed. you can tell this is a local favorite.the food here is ridiculous. today i had salmon tartare and hake with artichoke and mushrooms. outstanding. for dessert (although i didn't need it) i had chocolate mousse. absolutely delicious!this is one of our favorites in paris. great for lunch or dinner, for foreigners we tend to eat dinner around 6 and they were opened so we stumbled upon this place. the foie gras was perfectly seared and the veal steak is a must! outstanding intimate upscale french bistro!  2 thumbs way up. the appetizer and main course we're both incredible. i wanted more!i will be back for sure came here for dinner because i was staying nearby and saw it on yelp. overall the meal was ok, but we sat downstairs and it felt awkward the whole time. the service was a bit slow and the place was very quite so we felt like we had to whisper the whole time. the food itself was good, i had a steak, which came out a little too well done for my taste. good food, decent prices and professional service. when it is filled with french businesspeople, you know it has to be a keeper. i took a chance on it today and was very happy with the outcome.	0	0	0	0	0
 my husband and i took a different route to our hotel and came upon l'ardoise as we were walking. the menu looked wonderful, so we had the concierge make reservations. l'ardoise's menu consists of three courses. since we liked choices from all three areas, we thought this would be a great adventure. we both started with the duck fois grass served with a small salad. we were off to a great start. it was superb!our second course (entree) was a rib eye steak (blue) for joe and chicken fricasee with tarragon sauce and risotto for me. we both were happy with our choices. the final course (dessert) was a cheese plate for joe and tiramisu for me. i loved the tiramisu--though it was the restaurant's version of the famous dessert (there were no ladyfingers and the coffee flavoring was much more subtle than the original.). it was creamy and delicious. we would highly recommend this restaurant. we found this place very close to our hotel via google. our flight and travel had us up for 24 hours and we needed an early dinner. the place is teeny and very sit right next to your neighbors. but the food was great. it's a fixed price. for 38 e, you got a entree (salad or soup or appetizer), the main course and dessert. but you could have only one or two courses for a reduced price. i had the special salad and chicken fricasee, seasoned with tarragon. excellent. frank had the pigeon special, which was a ten euro upcharge. i refrained from asking where they captured the fowl. but he loved it! i skipped dessert but had a couple bites of frank's lemon mousse with strawberries. a good reminder of how terrible the fruit is in the us. the strawberries were so sweet and flavorful. the service was good too and very pleasant. not exactly american friendly, but pleasantly professional. all was perfect until their card machine refused our cards, but they tried a different machine and all was well. but even then, they were quite nice. our table neighbors were australians whose concierge had said this place was authentically french. we agree. i give it five stars for good food and value, and a great parisian experience. found another great little modern french cuisine place thanks to my fellow yelpers. it's tucked away just behind the westin.for 38 eu they do 3 course fixe price menu. nice variety of dishes to choose from, so all in your party should be happy.the place is very small, and has seating on the main floor and basement. reservations are required to sit on the main floor. the basement seating is very hot and stuffy, and no one wants to sit down there. so you will likely end up there if they are busy and you are a walk in. we had reservations, so only had to wait about 10 min for a main floor table to open.we were delighted with our choices, as all were delicious, or better. starters: for her, snails and mushrooms in puff pastry...very tasty, but a bit too much oil in for my own taste. for me, tartar, with diced squid, mango and crispy bacon. sound like an odd combo, but it was delicious..the salty crunchy bacon, set off well with the mango and beef, while the tiny squid dice gave a nice texture.mains:. for her, the most wonderful cod dish either of us have ever had. firstly, the cod was cooked perfect, juicy and succulent; bedded on perfect mashed potatoes, which where in a sea of fabulose saffron broth. (at least that was what we thought it was). amazing! for me: i was eyeing the braised beef cheeks, and then saw the fillet in red wine sauce. i usually never order steak out, because frankly i make the most amazing steaks at home. however, i thought i must try french style at least once. so i ordered the filet mignon with a type of fancy french scalloped potatoes on top. it was good, but not the most tender filet i have had, nor nothing i could not make at home. the table next to us had the beef cheeks, and that looked like the better choice.dessert:. for her, honey and whipped creme with strawberries. for me, chocolate wedge mouse and caramel ice cream. she really liked her strawberries, but the creme was pretty sweet. i loved my chocolate mousse and caramel ice cream, and the almond lace cookies they served with it went perfectly. found this establishment of yelp and so glad we did. top notch food, drinks and service. we felt bad for the waiter running up and down the stairs and helping all the tables in the lower level. i started with froi gras, first time trying that and i don't understand what's so special and i didn't care for it but the presentation was nice. the beef cheeks were delightful and so tender. ended with the pumpkin creme brulee. the best meal we had in paris!! excellent little place in paris! this restaurant was our favorite of all the places that we experienced while we were in paris. we had called 2 hours before and made reservations for that night. we ended up walking there from our hotel which was about a 20 minute walk. upon arrival, the place was busy. the hostess asked us to wait just a few minutes and then she took us down into the basement to our table. the upstairs had about 10 tables that were all full so as we made our way down to the lower level, i was checking out the food and atmosphere. everyone there spoke english so that was nice and made the dinner a lot less stressful. the waiter was quite busy but made his way over right away and took our drink orders and went over the specials. the food came out in a timely fashion and the portions were just the right amount. we loved our experience so much that we almost went back the next night! we will go back the next time we find ourselves in paris!! best meal in paris or london! the snails with the bacon wrapped in pastry was amazing. rich but delicate. i love escargot, and this was the most delicious i have ever had. the fillet with potatoes was incredible. great flavor. the fillet wasn't as tender as some i have had but probably the flavor was better. the wine sauce was perfect. i had a kir royal which was tangy and delicious, and the red wine of the day which was nice and dry with a bit of spice and complemented my steak. you cannot beat this meal! 38 deer for a 3 course meal in paris is fair. and the food is really good. true parisian food. so glad we could eat here!! chocolate slab with caramel ice cream. oh my. save room!! amazing!!! the beef cheeks are so tender and it literally melted in my mouth. i appreciate the quality of the food. we enjoyed eating here on our last night in paris. we were a walk-in at 7:30pm, and were so grateful to be seated after a brief wait. (we didn't expect to get in at all, we lucked out!) the restaurant was very cute, hip and urban, with specials and drinks written on the walls. tables were literally elbow-to-elbow, and snug, but again, so grateful to be there at all that the close-quarters were less of a concern. the wine list was very affordable, and we thought complimented the food wonderfully. the best part of the meal for me was the foie gras appetizer, which was a very nice portion, and served with a light salad and toasted bread for spreading. a perfect ending to a lovely trip. so good! everything was so tasty! (a little too salty but i would still give this place a 5-star). all the appetizers we ordered were good, loved my sardines especially. as for main, i had their special of the night- frog legs! was so so so good! it also came with a side of salad in a separate bowl. the cold souffl was so refreshing, crme brle was not super sweet like other places, it was done just right. the service was ok. the place was really small, so cramped. their a/c was either broken or they just didn't have one, don't wear too much when you go. this is an excellent option for a casual meal at a good price point. no frills and it was extremely close to our hotel; so it was perfect for a low key first or last night dinner in paris.food: crab cake with spicy sauce was good.mozzarella and tomato salad was average. fish stew was okay to good in general, the fish was on the border of not being fresh; but the sauce enhanced the dish overall. beef fillet was outstanding, especially for a casual place.apple tart was amazing!!!! i wish i could have eaten more of this dish.cheese board with bread was very good.there were a ton of americans in this tiny restaurant, which could be a sign that it's highly connected to hotels in the area. the place is modern and doesn't have a parisian feel. the service was slow at times. wines were good for the price point. room was super small and no frills. the three course menu is 38, so it met to exceeded my expectations. this has to be my favorite place for dinner in france: delicious food, good wines, cozy, great service, clean, and great price! you won't want to miss it. eaten here every paris trip since discovering it and love it more each time. a good meal like this is hard to find at a decent price and that is not too tourist. refereed over 8 family friends who "know paris" and they say it's now a go to for them. a good mix of locals and tourists stop here for meals. my first two times there were more locals than tourists. the staff is vary fluent in english. all the dishes are exceptional and you cannot go wrong with any of your choices. be sure to make a reservation. the place fills up by 8pm. there are tables on the first floor and basement. this place is amazing and the value is incredible.  it's a small, tiny, place (tables are about 3 inches apart, so you can plan on definitely making new friends!)the food is cooked to perfection (we had cod and lamb as main, and salads as starters) and the portion size is good. desserts are also well prepared.reservations are a must and we did not have to wait for a table at our appointed time (that's always appreciated)nice, moderately priced wine list as well.three course dinner for 2, with a great bottle of red for 116 euros? in paris?  yup!!go! i made reservation for monday and confirm with pierre and it's closed on monday. totally disappointed. what kind of front desk will book a table for me on their off day. horrible! brilliant little place with a fabulous set menu. 4 stars because my ribeye was rather chewy but that cut gone other way. highly recommend and at a very decent price a cute restaurant with creative design. had three course menu, which was only option, at 38 euros. first course many selections. had a special of fresh goat cheese on a salade. creamy almost like ricotta cheese, but lighter. husband had terrine with salade. main course cod with mashed potatoes and green pure. husband had turbot (6 euros extra). with peas and saluted onions. dessert was poached pear over ice cream and chocolate mousse with ice cream. another appetizer that looked lovely was white asparagus. veal medallions with mushrooms also looked good. tables are inches apart, so you get to know your neighbors. must pull table out to get to seating along wall. go hungry because portions are large. staff was friendly and spoke english menu in english l'ardoise is a very solid restaurant. all the food here was decent and not offensive in any way. they have set meals here which are decent deals.salmon tartare appetizer: this was decent. it was strange to taste such asian flavors in this dish which include ginger, leek, and citrus. crab cakes: this was more like a crab croquette as the meat was mixed with cheese and batter. though this was deep fried well, i was expecting more of a true crab cake so keep that in mind. lamb stew: this dish was massive and was definitely more than enough to fill me up. the flavors were good and was very reminiscent of home-cooking, as i've made a very similar dish in the past myself. duck: this was a solid dish though the risotto was a bit undercooked. creme brulee: decentchocolate mousse: this mousse was extremely rich. i wish they would have whisked it a bit longer to "fluff" it up. the flavor itself was good though. service was solid and we didn't encounter any pretentious service here. give this place a shot.3.5 stars. very cozy place, just for 25 people. perfect french cuisine and good drinks. strongly recommended for romantic dinner or time with your friends. enjoy! my favorite gem in the 1st! it is a cute and cosy place with a wide variety of amazing dishes. the snail galette is the best way to eat snails. the steak and lamb are unbelievable and there are always seasonal options for specials and wine. there is typically a casserole option, last time it was beef bourguignon. i love the welcoming staff and they speak english, if you need it. the fixed prix menu is very reasonable for the neighborhood. a must try for a delectable evening in paris! this is a nice restaurant off the tourist path but right next to the action. the food is prepared very nice and the servers speak a little bit of english. it was good but i don't get why everyone is putting 4 & 5 stars, perhaps they don't dine well often? my meal was decent but there was nothing impressive or special about it. this restaurant is nothing special. we had the snail pancakes, the veal, the fois gras, and the pigeon. everything tasted good, but not great. we ate at a different michelin star restaurant the other day, and that one was to die for. my husband and i took a different route to our hotel and came upon l'ardoise as we were walking. the menu looked wonderful, so we had the concierge make reservations. l'ardoise's menu consists of three courses. since we liked choices from all three areas, we thought this would be a great adventure. we both started with the duck fois grass served with a small salad. we were off to a great start. it was superb!our second course (entree) was a rib eye steak (blue) for joe and chicken fricasee with tarragon sauce and risotto for me. we both were happy with our choices. the final course (dessert) was a cheese plate for joe and tiramisu for me. i loved the tiramisu--though it was the restaurant's version of the famous dessert (there were no ladyfingers and the coffee flavoring was much more subtle than the original.). it was creamy and delicious. we would highly recommend this restaurant. we found this place very close to our hotel via google. our flight and travel had us up for 24 hours and we needed an early dinner. the place is teeny and very sit right next to your neighbors. but the food was great. it's a fixed price. for 38 e, you got a entree (salad or soup or appetizer), the main course and dessert. but you could have only one or two courses for a reduced price. i had the special salad and chicken fricasee, seasoned with tarragon. excellent. frank had the pigeon special, which was a ten euro upcharge. i refrained from asking where they captured the fowl. but he loved it! i skipped dessert but had a couple bites of frank's lemon mousse with strawberries. a good reminder of how terrible the fruit is in the us. the strawberries were so sweet and flavorful. the service was good too and very pleasant. not exactly american friendly, but pleasantly professional. all was perfect until their card machine refused our cards, but they tried a different machine and all was well. but even then, they were quite nice. our table neighbors were australians whose concierge had said this place was authentically french. we agree. i give it five stars for good food and value, and a great parisian experience. found another great little modern french cuisine place thanks to my fellow yelpers. it's tucked away just behind the westin.for 38 eu they do 3 course fixe price menu. nice variety of dishes to choose from, so all in your party should be happy.the place is very small, and has seating on the main floor and basement. reservations are required to sit on the main floor. the basement seating is very hot and stuffy, and no one wants to sit down there. so you will likely end up there if they are busy and you are a walk in. we had reservations, so only had to wait about 10 min for a main floor table to open.we were delighted with our choices, as all were delicious, or better. starters: for her, snails and mushrooms in puff pastry...very tasty, but a bit too much oil in for my own taste. for me, tartar, with diced squid, mango and crispy bacon. sound like an odd combo, but it was delicious..the salty crunchy bacon, set off well with the mango and beef, while the tiny squid dice gave a nice texture.mains:. for her, the most wonderful cod dish either of us have ever had. firstly, the cod was cooked perfect, juicy and succulent; bedded on perfect mashed potatoes, which where in a sea of fabulose saffron broth. (at least that was what we thought it was). amazing! for me: i was eyeing the braised beef cheeks, and then saw the fillet in red wine sauce. i usually never order steak out, because frankly i make the most amazing steaks at home. however, i thought i must try french style at least once. so i ordered the filet mignon with a type of fancy french scalloped potatoes on top. it was good, but not the most tender filet i have had, nor nothing i could not make at home. the table next to us had the beef cheeks, and that looked like the better choice.dessert:. for her, honey and whipped creme with strawberries. for me, chocolate wedge mouse and caramel ice cream. she really liked her strawberries, but the creme was pretty sweet. i loved my chocolate mousse and caramel ice cream, and the almond lace cookies they served with it went perfectly. found this establishment of yelp and so glad we did. top notch food, drinks and service. we felt bad for the waiter running up and down the stairs and helping all the tables in the lower level. i started with froi gras, first time trying that and i don't understand what's so special and i didn't care for it but the presentation was nice. the beef cheeks were delightful and so tender. ended with the pumpkin creme brulee. the best meal we had in paris!! excellent little place in paris! this restaurant was our favorite of all the places that we experienced while we were in paris. we had called 2 hours before and made reservations for that night. we ended up walking there from our hotel which was about a 20 minute walk. upon arrival, the place was busy. the hostess asked us to wait just a few minutes and then she took us down into the basement to our table. the upstairs had about 10 tables that were all full so as we made our way down to the lower level, i was checking out the food and atmosphere. everyone there spoke english so that was nice and made the dinner a lot less stressful. the waiter was quite busy but made his way over right away and took our drink orders and went over the specials. the food came out in a timely fashion and the portions were just the right amount. we loved our experience so much that we almost went back the next night! we will go back the next time we find ourselves in paris!! best meal in paris or london! the snails with the bacon wrapped in pastry was amazing. rich but delicate. i love escargot, and this was the most delicious i have ever had. the fillet with potatoes was incredible. great flavor. the fillet wasn't as tender as some i have had but probably the flavor was better. the wine sauce was perfect. i had a kir royal which was tangy and delicious, and the red wine of the day which was nice and dry with a bit of spice and complemented my steak. you cannot beat this meal! 38 deer for a 3 course meal in paris is fair. and the food is really good. true parisian food. so glad we could eat here!! chocolate slab with caramel ice cream. oh my. save room!! amazing!!! the beef cheeks are so tender and it literally melted in my mouth. i appreciate the quality of the food. we enjoyed eating here on our last night in paris. we were a walk-in at 7:30pm, and were so grateful to be seated after a brief wait. (we didn't expect to get in at all, we lucked out!) the restaurant was very cute, hip and urban, with specials and drinks written on the walls. tables were literally elbow-to-elbow, and snug, but again, so grateful to be there at all that the close-quarters were less of a concern. the wine list was very affordable, and we thought complimented the food wonderfully. the best part of the meal for me was the foie gras appetizer, which was a very nice portion, and served with a light salad and toasted bread for spreading. a perfect ending to a lovely trip. so good! everything was so tasty! (a little too salty but i would still give this place a 5-star). all the appetizers we ordered were good, loved my sardines especially. as for main, i had their special of the night- frog legs! was so so so good! it also came with a side of salad in a separate bowl. the cold souffl was so refreshing, crme brle was not super sweet like other places, it was done just right. the service was ok. the place was really small, so cramped. their a/c was either broken or they just didn't have one, don't wear too much when you go. this is an excellent option for a casual meal at a good price point. no frills and it was extremely close to our hotel; so it was perfect for a low key first or last night dinner in paris.food: crab cake with spicy sauce was good.mozzarella and tomato salad was average. fish stew was okay to good in general, the fish was on the border of not being fresh; but the sauce enhanced the dish overall. beef fillet was outstanding, especially for a casual place.apple tart was amazing!!!! i wish i could have eaten more of this dish.cheese board with bread was very good.there were a ton of americans in this tiny restaurant, which could be a sign that it's highly connected to hotels in the area. the place is modern and doesn't have a parisian feel. the service was slow at times. wines were good for the price point. room was super small and no frills. the three course menu is 38, so it met to exceeded my expectations.	0	0	0	0	0
 this is a very popular place with tourists so make reservations if you want to go (we called and they speak fluent english).the staff is super friendly and joke around with the customers so it is fun. you can't help but feel like you are dining with your tour group because they do crank out the entrees which are always set menus each night and everyone is a tourist. definitely no local charm to this place but it is easy.the food is average. i've had bad food at many of the tourist spots so i was glad this place was good enough. their cheese platter was amazing so if you love cheese, you are going to be in heaven. they bring out this large cheese platter with 8 different cheeses and two jams and you can help yourself. the cheeses were very nice. i loved the quince paste that they served.the price was reasonable, and the friendly service made it an enjoyable evening and we got to meet other tourists visiting paris. after seeing raving reviews on yelp, this seems like another spot worthy of visiting. after a long walk around the city, we were ready to eat! we got lucky since it was early in the evening so we walked in without a reservation for a table of four. it had a real parisian bistro feel to the place so i was very excited to try it. good: i've ordered the octopus and it was so tasty! the presentation was beautiful, but i was most blown away by the details of the dish. when you cut the tentacles, it oozes a black sauce to look like ink. how incredible is that? honestly, my dish was amazing. as for everyone else at the table, they seemed very underwhelmed. i've tried a few of their plates and agreed: my dish was the best one. bad: slow service alert! we've had to ask for butter 3 times since our server never brought it to us...despite the fact that there was only 4 other tables occupied. my dad's lobster bisque was ok (compared to the one we had yesterday at les cocottes), to be honest, everyone else's dishes wasn't very memorable. i thought the food was pretty expensive for such a subpar experience, there's way better restaurants in paris, don't be fooled by the raving reviews here. bottom line: you can skip this place, it wasn't anything amazing. i love this place!!! i've had the opportunity to dine here twice and both times the experience was wonderful. the first time i came here, there were just 2 of us. while it was extremely romantic, i didn't get to try a large variety of items. this last time i came with the whole family.we arrived for lunch, there wasn't a line but the hostess said it would be 40 minutes or more, no problem we'll wait. but just 10 minutes later a table for 7 opened up! lucky us.we ordered the pork pot, so delicious, well seasoned not overly fatty. the beef cheek stew, this was full flavored. tasted slightly like anise.the charcuterie platter was huge. there were sampling's of 5-6 different meats. the bone marrow was maybe thrust i've ever had. they're not skimpy on the portions. the fish stew was weak, my least favorite item. everything else was divine. we ordered some house wine and had one of the best meals of our trip.service was friendly and efficient. french people are so nice!if you're thinking about dining here, try to make a reservation or come for lunch when it's not as crowded. if there's a line, it's worth the wait. enjoy after our dinner plans fell through.... we we walking around trying to find a place to eat late at night... we stumbled upon this place and boy were we glad to have eaten here. small place and packed but the food was good. we had the steak special and the potatoes were great. definitely recommend this place. i would rate le comptoir du relais four and a half stars.my girlfriend and i had a romantic dinner here on our final night in paris. this was one of the only restaurants we visited which had a wait, so you may want to arrive before peak dining hours. our waiter was very patient, helpful, and accommodating.we started with some wine along with a meat board. i'd definitely recommend the meat board. great balance of spicy, fatty, savory, and peppery flavors. next, we had fresh mozzarella with pesto. the mozzarella was soft and creamy. i'd definitely recommend this as well.for our main course, we had beef tartare. it was a little more seasoned than the other ones i've had. i think the meat may have also been aged a little longer leading to some a different flavor profile i haven't tasted in a beef tartare before. this place came recommended to me by two complete strangers. it's a charming little brasserie style restaurant. a line tends to build up around the place, so definitely make reservations if you can. i can't remember everything we ate but i had the pork cheek and it was fantastic. it's the quintessential french bistro-style restaurant with gorgeous food and a charming sidewalk brasserie vibe. it's a bit cramped but i imagine that's due to its popularity. by far the best restaurant in st germain (barring michelin star establishments).  this is a great value in the area that has restaurants every three feet. it doesn't seem like a value but in comparison to the taste of food, ingredients used not many places hold a candle to it. so why the four stars, well it's because of service. we had an extremely rude person wait on us for dinner... very short, border line "racist" overtones, etc etc. we choose to ignore all this to lost in translation and were glad to have stayed for rest of dinner. please make reservations because we saw plenty of people turned away without one. we did lunch there as well, which was not busy. a lovely restaurant. all the trappings (in a good way) of a typical moderate price point parisian eating establishment. great bread to chew on while we waited for our meal. the escargots were memorable and i made a point of sopping up all the drippings with my bread. then came the foie gras (froid) with buttered and toasted bread. mon dieu! magnifique!our server was bi-lingual and able to quickly fill in the gaps in my somewhat rusty french. your typical french "garson" with the right touch of attitude. sat outside under the heaters and enjoyed the nip in the air. i was underwhelmed. the food was disappointing and took long to come out and the service was not great (to be expected but still). here is roughly what we got:1) blood sausage2) charcuteri plate3) escargot (plate of 12)4) a foie gras dish served on toast5) salad with foie grasthe food is all over-priced. there is tons of nicer food in the city - not sure i would come here again. mediocre place at best. it's super crowded with very tight seating. your neighbor is basically sat next to you like you're a party of 4 and you can hear everything they say. that on top of the super hot and humid weather makes eating french food which is super heavy/creamy very uncomfortable. and not to mention the long wait to even pay your bill. food: we are from nyc so this place hardly pleases anyone who's been around and about in terms of taste. escargot was bland. bone marrow was dripping with oil, octopus pasta was mushy and way too creamy with these mushy french pasta... and the list goes on. skip if you can. 5 star food. 3 star service. this place has truly amazing and authentic french food (fyi no english menus though so be prepared). neighborhood establishment with little to no tourists. apparently they have been in business for a few decades. cheese plate = 4 starsbone marrow = 5 starsdaube joy de boeuf = 4 starslievre royal = 5 starscreme brle = 5 stars and literally best we've ever had. service was kind and friendly but just ridiculously slow and inattentive. ps - good location for people watching. must visit! great food great desertexcellent ambience  it's the restaurant you cannot miss when in paris. just sit outside and watch people. you will just enjoy the wine and view. be creative on your choice! you will be surprised! a good first impression in french cuisine!my friend and i went here for some lunch and ordered the escargot de bourgogne au chablis (9) to snack on. it was both of our first times eating escargot so we weren't sure what to expect.we both got the plate of 6 and they all came decently sized-not like the snails you see mother nature gives you! it was smothered with pesto and what looks like either butter or olive oil. the snails were soft and tasted "earthy". it didn't have a bad taste to it. something to try that's for sure!service was really good for how busy it was especially since it was paris fashion week. they had a couple of staff checking on us throughout the stay and they were good with their english.i'm definitely going back here again to try the rest of their menu before i leave! so there is of course an amazing amount of raving for comptoir du relais and their affiliated restaurant l'avant comptoir. i was pretty excited to give this spot a try after we had wrapped up a walk around notre dame and on our way to the jardin du luxemborg. our timing was impeccable and we had arrived right before the lunch swarm and able to snag the last seat outside. this is a nice french experience with tables squashed together with people all speaking french while you enjoy your bottle of vino in the late morning/early afternoon. i certainly recommend you work your way around the meal times if you want to avoid the lines themselves.this joint does not have many servers who speak english although they certainly tried their best to articulate. thankfully my high school level french was able to get me through the gate with all of our plates ordered. we decided to go with an order of bone marrow, the escargots, a beef stew, and the finale being the crme brulee. the bone marrow and the escargots were the two plates out first. the bone marrow was delicious without being overly greasy or fatty with a solid presentation with some veggies and a sauce to the side. i was pleasantly surprised by the taste although i felt there could have been ways to make the flavor pop more perhaps but still solid. the escargot was delicious and came in a buttery garlic sauce. the flavor just popped for these snails and they were really well prepared. shortly after came out the beef stew which was hearty and solid. i don't think it is something everyone would appreciate given the interesting contents of macaroni pasta, hearty beef stew, chunks of tender meat and veggies. it reminds me of a favorite korean dish i have (galbi jjim) for whatever reason and i was hooked on it. perfect as it was a bit chilly that day so the hearty warm stew made life that much better. the final item was the coffee flavored crme brulee. this was done really well with it being light with a slight burnt airiness to it. it tasted absolutely delicious and had a mousse like consistency and leading me to think it is probably the best crme brulee i had while in paris. i think this is an authentic paris caf and may not suit everyone. the dishes are traditional but really well prepared since ive had the fortunate opportunity to eat a lot of french cuisine. yes the servers may be a bit rough and it could be challenging to communicate but that's part of the fun and joy. the dishes here were all really good and this is definitely a noteworthy place without a doubt. i will be back for sure. i almost cancelled my reservation after reading some of the reviews about the staff. i am so glad i didn't. we went last evening at 8:30 and had the menu for 60 euros, which was all they offered. my ability to speak french is pre beginner. menu written in french, but was helped by a very pleasant staff. two amuse buches. a tiny sandwich of something deliciously toasted with salami inside. next came cheese puffs. first course a ravioli with foie gras surrounded by hot pea pure soup and garnished with petit peas. our next course was cod fish with asparagus and a lemon confit. main course pigeon with foie gras over a mousseline of carrots with sorrel leaves. we were siting next to another table of two persons. they moved our tables together and where presented a board of at least 10 extraordinary cheeses , honey, cherry jam, paprika jelly, and quince pate. we were told to eat as much as we liked. cheese alone with the 60 euros. we made friends with our neighbors. lastly dessert was crime fraiche ice cream over strawberries and a basil mousse with pea size pieces of meringue. we could not fault anything. only perhaps that we had too much to eat. staff were all helpful with trying to understand written menu. english subtitles would be nice, but we managed very well without. highly recommend i live like three minutes away so i know how busy this place gets. i've been here twice, once for lunch and another time for dinner and drinks. the service is awful and the food is good but nothing to write home about. both times i sat outside which is manageable with the heat lamps and the fleece blankets that you have to ask for. menus are also only in french. for lunch, i ordered a salad, a hot chocolate, and a dessert. service was attentive but server was snobby when i spoke in english. this is in a very tourist heavy area so that shouldn't be the case. bread was refilled constantly. tap water is a given. the hot chocolate is good!!! it comes with a pot of chocolate and a cup of steamed milk.our dinner service was awful. my boyfriend and i met our friend from new york for drinks around 6pm. we were seated outside in late february even though the place was completely empty inside. again, thank god they have 20 heat lamps. we started off with wine and beers. every 10 min the girl would ask if we were ready for food. hold it, hold on. the manager lady then comes outside and yells at our server who was actually friendly to tie her hair properly. it was actually painfully awkward to see this exchange going on. then the manager lady comes and moves my friend. there are two ways this could have been done-the polite way and her way. her way was tapping my friend to get up and then pushing her aside while yelling in french. how does this lady live being so awful??my friend left and we ordered food around 8 pm. at this point we had been asked to order food five times. aren't the french notorious for taking forever to dine? we got the grilled chicken salad and a steak cooked well. for dessert we got the chocolate mousse. the salad was good but the lettuce were in huge chunks. steak was average, undercooked, with tons of fat around the edges. it was almost impossible to cut and i ended up knocking down the tub or salt they bring you. oops. the chocolate mousse was light and creamy but presentation was sloppy. then the best part of the meal happened. these two men who had been dining inside the restaurant come out, obviously drunk. one of the men starts leaning on the awful manager lady and then he crosses the street, drunk as a skunk, pulls his pants down screaming and pisses on the wall. so as we are eating, all of this is happening in front of us. manager lady chases after him and embraces him. what the hell? so unprofessional and kind of disgusting. our dinner came out to 100+ .as i pass by this place everyday, it looks like a warm and fun place to be but after this dinner service, i'll only go to the bar next door maybe and the crepe/waffle window always because the food is cheap and fast but i will not be coming back here. so we ended up here when looking for lavant comptoir, which is apparently the tapas version of the restaurant next door. oh well! the food was good none the less! there was a line when we walked up as it had apparently just opened for lunch, so we grabbed one of the last tables outside. it was the perfect spot for people watching and to observe paris life pass by. it was difficult to decipher the french menu, luckily the waiter spoke excellent english and was able to help us choose based on our preferences. i had the lamb leg with couscous and apricots and the dh had a beef stew dish served over macaroni noodles- similar to beef bourguignon. we both enjoyed our dishes. the lamb was so tender it fell right off the bone! with a glass of wine and the accompanying bread, it made for a filling and enjoyable lunch. wasn't a huge fan.it has all the fundamental french cuisines such as escargot, fra grois, cheese platter, bone marrow, and jamon but nothing was memorable in my books.location is in a quaint part of town and the exterior is super pretty and romantic but i would recommend opting out for the sister house restaurant next door, l'vant comptoire. my favorite place in paris. i go there every time i'm in paris, and they don't disappoint. yes, waiting in line is annoying, but once you get to sit and order, you get to relax with such delicious food. this time i had the bone marrow, escargot, and the assorted cheese platter. bone marrow was fatty but not too oily. escargot was and has always been buttery and garlicky yumminess. cheese platter was the perfect end to the meal, and i swear one of the cheeses was like salted butter - so decadent! i ordered a beef stew and i found this piece of plastic in my stew. the lady who runs the restaurant and the waiter told me this is normal because they tag the cow after they kill it. it was nice of her to tell me i don't have to pay for the stew. but, she told other customers about this situations and pointed her finger at me, that is very rude. she then asked other customers if they speak english and translate back to me. this male customer then informed me that i'm a very rude american for taking a picture of the plastic, and that americans think they are the most important people in the world when they are traveling abroad. he then told me not to post the picture because it is very rude of me to even take a picture in the first place. he also stated that the lady doesn't want me to think the restaurant is unclean because of the plastic. um, this restaurant is unclean because they have a plastic tag in my food. he and his friend tried to argue with me about how i'm being not nice for making a big problem. i was leaving the restaurant when he stopped me to translate to me. so, am i making a big problem? yes, by sharing this information with you. but did i want to start any problem in the beginning? no. so if this ever happened to you, please note, "it is normal and do not make a scene". i know this may seem like it's not the restaurant problem since the "americans are rude" statement was given by another customer, but this all escalated because the lady started telling everyone about the problem and started to ask for translation. people rave about this place, and its sister restaurant l'avant comptoir, big time. sadly, the love was lost on me during a brief afternoon visit. i'd say le comptoir du relais is probably a haven for adventurous eaters. personally, i don't partake in dishes such as bone marrow, pt, foie gras, etc., and these are the types of items that make up the bulk of the menu. after looking a bit more closely at l'avant comptoir, i think that may have been a better fit for me.the all-french menu was way advanced for my 101 skills, and we weren't getting much sympathy. we decided to play it safe with a cheese plate and bottle of ros. i think our server could tell i wanted something a bit more and she was kind enough to also suggest their vegetable salad, which came with a variety of fresh vegetables and olives and a vinaigrette dressing. our cheese plate arrived courtesy of another server, but no explanation of the cheeses was offered, which was disappointing. i may not be fluent in french yet, but i am fluent in cheese. the cheese plate was fine but not my favorite of the trip.not my favorite dining experience in paris but maybe next time i'll check out l'avant comptoir. few phrases give me more joy than the phrase, "when i returned to paris." but indeed, when i returned to paris back in august, it was approximately a year after i first ate at the much celebrated le comptoir du relais.i'm happy to report that not much has changed. some minor tweaks to the menu -- the steak tartare, for example, is slightly different, but no less delicious -- but it's still one of my favorite places in paris to have lunch. so much in fact, that i ate here twice. on my most recent visit, when i returned to paris, i tried the oeuf mayonnaise (5), os a moelle (bone marrow) (14), escargot (9), and the carre d'agneau (lamb chops) (26). the eggs were decent, nothing too extraordinary and probably could have been skipped. but everything else was spectacular. and even though i'm not an escargot fan, these were the best i have ever had. what i especially love about this place is that it retains, almost to a fault, its frenchness. despite the hoards of awkward and unfashionable tourists who blunder their way around town and into this place, guidebook in hand, le comptoir does little to accommodate them. while it could come across as stereotypically rude, i say good for them. stay french, mes amis! so should you decide to come here when you go paris, try to learn how to read the menu and order in french. it will be much appreciated. and not just by the staff, but also by the rest of us who come to le comptoir to dine on some of the best brasserie food in paris. here's what we ordered :escargot: solidsteak with an achovy on top which was a special of the day (think it was called oude de beouff) : flavors were good but the steak was a bit chewy. also, it didn't help that their knives sucked.whole chicken: this came out raw. when my wife cut into it, it was bloody red. we requested to the server to have it cooked longer and he reluctantly obliged like we were the one in the wrong. the dish came back a few minutes later...which obviously meant that it was microwaved. but the worse part, even after microwaving the dish, the chicken was still pink! also this dish wasn't cheap at 28 euros a pop. the only good thing i have to say about this restaurant is that the mustard they offered with the steak was pretty dang great. also note that they charge 6 euros for tap water. ridiculous! avoid this place, it's definitely a tourist trap with pretentious service (which was expected anyway) and terribly executed food. food was good. service wasn't the best but was expected from some of the previous reviews. the waiter didn't really care about us so don't expect amazing welcoming service here! we came early 15mins after it opened without a reservation for linh and was able to get in right away. soon after us it was immediately filled up. did not have english menu.....so have an idea of what you're looking for by going through pics. it's crowded!you'll sit elbow to elbow with your neighbors!the menu is entirely in french and if you are stupid americans like we are, you'll order something you didn't mean to order.shut up. eat. eat some more. get that big ol' slab of country pate and nibble on that magical loaf of meaty goodness until you're sure you will burst.get another bottle of wine. beef cheeks? yes, please! all the snails. all the cold pea veloute. in a bucket if you have one. i want it all.we ate there 3 times in two weeks. i'd eat there every night if i could. it's that good.so keep standing in line and wait for that lady to tuck you into a table. you'll thank me later. my favorite restaurant in paris. the service and quality of food are amazing. the people who serve there are very kind, and take the time to actually speak french with me and engage in brief conversation. the pt and the joue de boeuf are my favorites the food was good. however i would not recommend this place if you are visiting paris for the first time and are struggling with the language. initially they were very friendly to visit seat us and that disappeared when we were struggling with the menu. we will ask if retardants speak spanish from now on and not english. le comptoir du relais. that's how you need to remember it. if you leave out "du relais" people will have no idea what you are talking about. it could be any number of restaurants, but it can also be furniture stores, miscellaneous goods or what not. but when you put it all together, there is but one le comptoir du relais. this, my friends, is a must try restaurant in paris!let's get one thing settled from the beginning. they don't take reservations. it's a first come first serve and if you happen to have to wait, there is a line that starts outside. you have the option of sitting inside or outside (i prefer the inside) and on a nice day, they open all the doors and the restaurant is then literally open to the outdoors. it has a nice little bar as well and daily specials are written on the mirror in the back. it's best if you speak french but they will handle english as well. i found myself dazzled by the number of french words that i had never learned/forgotten. most of them involve french cuisine so give me a break! our dinner started off with a plate of chacuterie meats followed by a crab bisque and octopus bouillon. all were fabulous. in particular, the octopus was awesomely cooked, not chewy in a clear broth that was surprisingly flavorful for how light it was. we tried the special veal dish was was perfect and shared the appetizer egg dish. so let me explain the latter to you. i don't know all the ingredients but this is a dish about texture and different ways in which eggs can be prepared. in addition to that there are little pearls in the dish that burst with flavor as you eat the dish adding a complete new dimension to it all.last but not least, the dessert. we had the modified peach melba there and it was by far the best dessert i have had in paris. yes, that includes it being better than the pistachio souffle at la cigale recamier. a small peach nestled on top of vanilla ice cream, added textures of cake and other things at the bottom and a drizzle of jam on top. simple but amazingly wonderful. you must try it if it is a special again. they have to add this to the menu!even if you have to wait here, it doesn't take too long. i think we were there for 15 min before a table was completely turned over. we were served within 5 min of ordering which was fast. we were out of the restaurant within 30 min. of course, we were fast eaters and by no means did we feel rushed at all.you have to come here. get to the door by opening time and you'll have no problems finding a seat right away. i didn't even get to eat here because we were all but chased away by our server. we sat down at the outdoor tables one evening, and when our server came over she barked at us, "to eat or drink." we replied that we would like both. she came back 10 minutes later with menus, flipped to the "entree" page, and barked again, "are you paying attention?" we then stared blankly at her as she read the english translation of the main protein of each dish, "pork, beef, octopus, vegetable, chicken." we continued to stare at her, and she yelled again, "what do you not understand?" we confirmed that we did indeed understand her exceptionally rude, belligerent "explanation" of one page of the menu. she slammed it down, turned on her heel and walked away...so we did too. i've never been treated so belligerently by a server ever, and especially not before i had even said hello. there are far, far better places to eat in paris (heck, better places just down the street!) where you won't have to deal with horrendous service like this. though i had intended to visit the tapas bar they own next door i scored a seat for lunch and a sounded the line. the couple next to us where eating a beautiful dish and when we motioned with our hungry eyes they spoke clearly in new york accents that the place is knows for it. we proceeded to order as if we were getting tapas and shared about 6 different plates between us with not one disappointment other than the people speaking french seemed to be getting their food before we did, but i've been in the business to understand that situation and easily forgive after few good bites. it's was such a good meal that we decided to go for dinner two night later. a friend from the states was in, and her hotel was near by, so it was a perfect send off. i called in the am to reserve a table which i was told would be outside. we had lunch outside and knew the heat lamps and blankets where in great condition. i was called two hours later to be informed that a table inside had become available if i wanted that instead. i found it to be very nice and not at all living up the negative view that many on my people have stereotyped the french with. dinner, as i was informed was a prix fix menu at $60 a person. since we had not had a dinner for less all week together we felt this would be fine and they didn't disappoint. each dish was better than the last and they were very kind to accommodate my friends dietary restrictions without batting an eyelash. the cheese course was when we showed our true tacky american side embarrassing ourselves over the opportunity to be gluttonous and disgraceful. they removed the plate after we began to roll our faces against the cold hard surface and made no mention of the disgrace again as they brought desert and the bill. rumor has it they plan to open another spot up the road and i can't see why not. it's a gold mine of good food and shouldn't be missed.	0	0	0	0	1
 food excellent and price fair. although the waitresses did not speak a perfect english they made an effort to understand us and to serve us in the best way. i'll come back for sure. fast service, clean cozy restaurant, an entire menu dedicated to crepes. lots of locals dine here and for good reason. it's one of the best deals around this part of town. the quality of the crepes and dining experience is very calming and lovely. it's a soothing atmosphere perfect to relax and catch up. servers are very attentive and run the show properly. nothing too fancy. i recommend any of the ham and cheese special crepes. the salmon crepe was ok, just not my cup of tea. banana and hazel nut dessert crepe was fantastic. i wanted to love the crepe suzette or the orange and chocolate crepe but the alcohol was just too overkill.... funny enough i can actually make a mean crepe suzette and it definitely was more refined than this one. great little place to have a crepe. really delicious crepes here! the wait staff speaks english, which was extremely helpful. i had the bjorn, which was rather light. i would have order what my girlfriend had, which had delicious eggs and cherry tomatoes all wrapped up inside the crepe. we did not have time for desert, however their sweet crepes also looked awesome! i would definitely recommend this place to family and friends in the area! framboise is located conveniently close to one of the hotels we stayed at while in paris (hyatt madeleine). we were on the way to champs-lyses when we stopped here for brunch. the staff spoke limited english but had no issues getting our order down promptly and correctly. they also offer english menus which is great for tourists like us who do not know a lick of french. we both ordered savory crepes, his a pizza and egg crepe and mine one with ham, sauteed mushrooms, emmental cheese, and a fried egg. the crepes themselves were incredibly light and slightly crispy on the outside, nothing like the gummy crepes most places sell back in the states. the prices were quite low too, making this a casual, inexpensive place to grab a quick meal while in the area. mmmm, crepes!! for starters just go ahead and order a 75cl of the cidre brut because it is tasty. as far as the crepes go, the seguin and framboise were both amazing. definitely recommend! warning: this place gets busy, busy at lunch. arrive by 1215 to avoid the line. delicious! having yet to eat any crepes in france, we were pretty excited to have some fancy, highly rated crepes. we got some of the cider, the salmon goat cheese crepe, the forest, and the banana chocolate crepe. the price was not bad either.if you are vegetarian and have a very american palette, maybe one of the more vegetable crepes will satisfy your taste. however, i would not recommend this place for most. the food was 3 out of 5 stars, but besides the smoked salmon and genuinely decent quality crepe bread itself, everything inside was extremely simple, lacking of flavor, and mostly stuff i could easily make at home for a lower price and much more filling and flavorful taste.in addition, service was a bit underwhelming, and the multiple fruit flies in the restaurant really put a damper on this review. do not waste your time, just find a much cheaper crepe stand elsewhere and save your money. crepes really are meant for the street, not the table. this is a trendy crepe joint just a block off of champs elysees. it's pretty popular. i was able to just walk in and get a table without waiting. if i'm not mistaken, they do take reservations online but only for dinner. they have an english menu if you do not speak french (like me).i ordered a crepe with smoked salmon and brie (picture). it did not wow me, but it was very good. i understood why this place is so popular. i would probably try different restaurants next time to compare, but i can say this place is solid.tipenjoy your crepe with a glass of cider, which is presumably the authentic way of eating crepes.******************************if you found something useful in my review, please hit "useful." your feedback helps me improve my future reviews. if you love food or traveling, don't forget to follow me! thank you and happy yelping! pizza crepe is all you need to know. busy with locals around lunch, but otherwise easy enough for two people to get in. it is unique, but not out of this world. your lunch options in paris could be much worse. prices are reasonable and service is good. i had looked this place on yelp before visiting paris. since i was staying on champselysees i definitely went there for lunch the very first day that i was there. there sure was a wait time and totally worth it. the variety of crepes you get there was just too good. try the appetizer crepes and dessert crepes as well.i went back there on the evening before we were leaving paris. that's how much i loved it. friendly staff who aren't afraid to joke with you. english menu available for those of us who don't speak french. food was delicious and presented well. i would recommend this place to anyone. oh bleep, the pizza crepe. buffalo mozz, ham, egg. i could eat that 5 days out of 7 and be okay with it. and the chocolate crepe is beyond good. service was great as well, the staff here are so nice and accommodating. i attempted to communicate in my broken french, and they provided us with an english menu and spoke to us in english without blinking an eye. the ambiance is trendy chic, but feels relaxed especially because this is tucked away from the busy streets of champs-elysee. we split the mini pancakes stuffed with smoked salmon and chive cream, which was my favorite. it is both savory and creamy and pairs deliciously with a red wine. for my entree, i tried the goat's cheese, honey, and raw zucchini on a buckwheat crepe. i think the best part about this crepe was the buckwheat crepe itself. i could snack on these alone because they have such a nutty flavor that tastes super filling. the filling itself, however, was wanting in a little variance because i didn't think that the raw zucchini wasn't enough to cut through the sweet and creaminess.regardless, i would come back to try its other crepes! had a delicious meal here on our first night in paris. jet lag was messing with our appetites so we did t want anything too heavy but did want to experience a sit down restaurant and not a crepe stand. we arrived about 10 minutes after opening and got a table for 2 without a reservation. the server could tell we were english speakers (though we try to speak in french when possible) and brought our menus in english. the crepes were delicious and just the right portions. i had a glass of cider as well. service was friendly and the servers spoke some english as well. a couple next to us spoke spanish and they were able to converse with the staff fairly easily as well. we thought the prices were fair for what we got (between 7 and 12 euro for a gourmet crepe). we skipped dessert but the selections looked good and may return later in our trip just for those. our family really enjoys crepe, and since we are in paris, our daughter insists we have to find a good creperie. our kids ordered the pomme, which has apple, salted caramel along with ice-cream. the ice-cream was creamy and the salted caramel had a nice buttery taste. i ordered the orange, with bitter orange, dark chocolate sauce topped with toasted almond and flaming grand marnier. this is one of the best crepe i've ever have. definitely a five star place! i would solidly recommend this place for you readers who are probably american. the restaurant looks pretty trendy and is right off of the upscale champs-elysees. the wait staff was very nice. they all spoke sufficient english and had an english menu. i had the the bjorn, smoked salmon with goat cheese. ingredients were noticeably very fresh, which makes most of what good cooking is. wish we tried more crepe places in paris to compare though. the salmon and goat cheese were delicious. goat cheese is not my favorite, but in terms of goat cheeses as a whole, it was probably some of the best goat cheese i've had in a meal, for whatever that's worth!my husband had the formule classique (meaning one of the prix fixe options). they have formules where you can order the specialty items as well for more. he had one of the basic galettes (ham, cheese, and pear savory crepe), one of the dessert crepes (the apple crepe), and a basic cider. for the basic, formule classique, you can tell the dishes are not as sophisticated and complex. they were all around good though =) and was a good price for the meal. service here was amazing! crpes were really good too. they have a few vegetarian options, so that was nice. very spacious as well. okay if pricey crepe place. the dessert crepes are worth it. my son had the banane which had enough ice cream and cream to sink a diet forever. savory crepes a bit me - i had english bacon emmenthal and onion chutney which was okay but not great. lovely ciders to wash down. the crepes were good, but the service was deceiving. i knew it had become a problem when i had been identified as an american by the host. while it started out friendly, he tried to take advantage of us when paying for the bill, asking to include a tip. i gave this guy a chance by letting him know that this wasn't my first time in paris (in fact, it was the 5th or 6th time within a year), but he didn't get the hint. host: the tip isn't included.me: tip? this isn't my first time in paris...host: usually we give around a 10% tip here in france, but you don't have to if you don't want.me: just tell me how much you want as a tip...host: 2?our total bill was around 60. i obliged out of pity for the guy. it was sooo good! cute cozy spots and the crepes were so tasty. loved it! wonderful delicious crepes! tried the apple, butter and sugar, and the carmel. all were delicious! very nice staff as well and english menus. about a 15 minute wait to get in at lunch. well worth the wait! awesome food! delicious ciders! let me start with that! my husband and i were in paris for our 1 year anniversary and were looking for some crepes for lunch. in addition i have celiac disease so i was looking for buckwheat crepes which are gluten free. we noticed the excellent reviews here and decided to give it a try; we are so glad we did!!! we were only in town for 3 days but returned here again for lunch on our last day because we enjoyed it so much. both the savory and dessert crepes were delicious. we chose from the specialties menus both times and enjoyed all of it. they also have an english menu and they speak english well so no worries if you know limited french like us. so if you find yourself in the area we highly recommend visiting here for your crepe fix! we searched yelp to find crepes near our hotel, and we wound up at creperie framboise. it was a good find! the decor was very cute and modern so i was charmed by the experience very early on. we went on saturday morning and we were seating fairly quickly. the service was friendly and fast. i ordered the ignacio crepe which was very good. it had sundried tomatoes, an olive tapenade, and prosciutto. i'm getting hungry just thinking about it. after the savory crepe, i split an order of the salted caramel crepe. it was fantastic! possibly even better than the savory crepe. creperie framboise was a delightful brunch experience, and i highly recommend it! was looking for a place with many options of crepes and this place was perfect. there are many varieties i had a salad and dessert crepe, my friend had a savory crepe and both were delicious. it's not too expensive which was great. would recommend to anyone to come here! frambroise is a fantastic find and thanks to yelp for that. the restaurant itself is modern and chic, with contemporary lighting; creates a pleasant dining experience.after perusing through the menu, we ordered hazelnut crepe and empanada galettes. both were delicious and just what we love it - crispy on the outside.service was a bit slow; but very friendly. highly recommend this restaurant for crepes. best in paris. we tried many and this one was far better than any other for all 5 of the people in our group. just wonderful! this was a neat little rest that had both sweet and savory crepes. the savory options were unique and very tasty. delicious menu. come for lunch and get a combo platter with a lunch pancake and a desert crepe. the egg in the lunch pancakes is over easy, so be careful if you don't like runny yolk. the salted caramel crepe was the best desert in our group. it has a good atmosphere. i liked their banana & nutella crepe. it was my first crepe in paris, so i could not compare the taste with other restaurants since i went for lunch on a saturday, i was got the combo of savory crepe, dessert, and cider for 20. i got the smoked salmon in a buckwheat crepe. it was quite good. for dessert, i got the pear crepe with ice cream. it was really good as well. i got the normal cider which they told me was 2% alcohol. what can i say, it was also very good. service was great and they even have an english menu. i would go back again since the food is good and price is reasonable.	1	1	1	0	0
 this is a cozy place in paris:-) i've been looking for a place like here which serve warm and hearty dishes! the duck was really nice:-). maybe it's the difference a day makes, a monday on our visit. maybe the chef had a bad day, or maybe this was a substitute. whatever the reason, this was easily the saddest meals i've ever had in paris and that makes up about 2 months of residence on vacation over 17 years.or maybe it's a lot of american yelping vacationers eager to flex their positive experience. i can't be sure, but i think there's a bit to play here.party of four, and beef bourginon is a big deal in our house, one of my signature dishes. three of our party ordered it, i opted for what i thought was a veal steak that turned out to be veal sweetbreads. more about that later.but first, escargot. wildly underseasoned, lacking the right mix of butter and only hints of garlic. wtf? olive oil, bad olive oil at that added to drive down the food cost maybe? we added salt, and then some more. the bread was stale. girard mulot is a few blocks away and a half dozen other places making world class baguettes. surely one of those could do better. no way restaurants in this area are turning out their own bread. sub-par bread for paris, anywhere.french grandmothers are rolling over in their grave over the beef dish. i can't say it was bad, but personally i would have been embarrassed to serve it. underseasonsed, overly thick, suggesting it sat too long, little savory beef flavor suggesting instead of deep bone broth the stock came from a can or tub. a biting acidity to the coagulated broth suggested too much tomato paste (that was the taste) added as a thickening agent, more evidence the stock wasn't made in-house. a few carrots were tasteless and limp. the potatoes were cooked separately as is often done and were fine. the beef was fine but this is a dish that's made by the broth. i tasted my wife's and kept my mouth shut. at the end of the meal everyone in the group volunteered: an old white guy from the midwest who only cooks at home makes a far superior dish. this is not why we came to paris, to eat beef bourginon sub-par to what i make myself. i've had the dish at many locations so good i know i can never match. that's what i want.on to the veal. not properly seasoned: hint to chef, salt and pepper are your friend. a mediocre red wine accompanied and was good enough. there's plenty of average red wine in the world and i can't get real excited about something like this in a small parisian bistrot.the vote was unanimous: no dessert after this sub-park dinner. we opted to go elsewhere after this experience. look, there are bad days in restaurants. i hope this was one of them. i saw pictures of the beef dish from others which looked like a proper soup with liquid. ours was nothing like that. i will not return here, nor can i recommend you do either. how disappointing... we ate here 2 times this past week. they have menus in french. i never saw a "menu" only a la cartel food. it's really good food! we had the endive salad, boeuf bourguignon (twice!), pork with pasta, chateaubriand, and zucchini with tomato coulis. my hubby, who hates veggies, loved the mushrooms and carrots in the bourguignon! that means it was amazing! the zucchini was cooked in with eggs and what seemed like ricotta, so it was quiche-like. not bad, but i loved the tomato coulis (marinara). my chateaubriand was cooked exactly how i wanted it - medium rare. the potatoes were also good. the salad was light and refreshing. yummy blue cheese. sadly the pork was over cooked and dry, so the mustard sauce helped. you've definitely got to go here! it's tight fitting, so get there when they open. they filled up fast both nights. the owner can be friendly, especially when you compliment the food. we went around 7 on a friday and not many tables were sat. around 8, all the tables were full. i finally tried bone marrow and it ain't my thing, but i won't fault the restaurant. i did like how it was so cheap (8). i opted for the flank steak (17) and it was so good, accompanied well with the potatoes gratis. the herring appetizer and veal dish was met with praise as well. the creme brle (7) was also a crowd pleaser. they have english speaking menus and take reservations i was excited to try this place, but it was ok. they had english menus and i'd say 80% of the customers spoke english. i'd say the lampchops were pretty decent. everything else was less than memorable. good service. ok so yesterday we had lunch with a friend in saint-germain...we booked on line but never received a confirmation from the restaurant...but it didn't matter, we got there early to check & they knew (but then it was mostly empty at 13.30...what if it had been in the evening?)...then went for a walk around & found a fantastic men's shop called victoire a couple of streets away (of which more later under victoire)...oh and 2 other places obviously also owned by the henri people...until it was time to meet & eatfriendly welcome, seating fine...its a cosy place that's for sure...the food was pretty good - see the photos - and i would have given 3.5 but for the fact that my steak had no taste whatsoever...cooking and texture fine but no no taste...i start from the beginningso we ordered the lentils & lardons...very good, one to share while we waited...with water & 50cl of cotes de rhoneand we waited...eventually the most amazing dish - the 7 times cooked lamb came...wow; and the saucisse de lyon made by bobosse (apparently a name in those parts) and which was studded with pistachio..also pretty wow; and my steak with a gratinois...no room for dessert so just coffee gourmand, a single and a double espresso...oh and well we had to have another 50cl..total 101, which frankly i thought was very good valueyes i would go again but not choose the steak. our neighbours had the tarte tatin...we just couldn't manage to even share one. desserts & cheese looked very good. all in all a worthwhile expedition to the other side of townon the other hand, every other building is a restaurant and they all look pretty good; there is an amazing covered food market...oh and m&s is next door & uniqlo opens very soon. lots of great boutiquey shops...great way to spend a saturday with nothing to do! a wonderfully perfect representative bistro. small, intimate, cozy and friendly. and the food....speechlessly delicious. we visited on our honeymoon on the recommendation of a friend and she was spot on. if you want a delicious meal at a reasonable price in small bistro setting, you won't regret this choice. one of my all time favorites in paris.cozy, intimate, classic country french cuisine and very reasonable. management is awesome and no hint of pretention! you can't miss with any of their classic dishes and a great pated with a carefully selected wine list! very nice restaurant with a menu in english. lamb shank (7 hr) was quite good. the arugula salad was yummy. the house wines we're good. one of the best meals we had in paris! this place is charming, authentic, and reasonably priced! we came here on a saturday night after making a reservation online that day. when we arrived they didn't have record of our reservation, but managed to fit us in...thankfully! the food here is delicious! we had the goat cheese appetizer, scallops and beef bourguignon for dinner, and chocolate mousse for dessert. every single thing was amazing! lastly, this is in a great location. close to lots of other bars and streets to stroll down. highly recommend! this tiny bistro was a great find tucked away off the main street. i enjoyed the escargot and beef bourgogne. we were the only tourists in the restaurant which was a nice change of pace after visiting the louvre earlier that day. we made reservations based on yelp reviews. my wife had lamb chops served with a ratatouille ... delicious! i had a rocket salad that was excellent, followed by a veal dish that was largely inedible. it was served with pasta in a cream sauce; i finished the pasta and about 10 percent of the veal. i'm not sure how you make veal tough ... overcook ?? the owner did not comment when he removed my plate; in the states, i'd have sent it back! we'll not be going back; there are too many other good restaurants nearby to chance another disappointing meal. came here due to good reviews and it was just okayyyy. we started with escargot and i feel anytime i eat escargot i don't care about the snails itself, im more interested in the garlicky oily sauce. nomzzz it was delicious and i dipped all the bread in it haha. i also had bone marrow for the first time. did not like, and would not get again. my opinion on this isn't worth much since it was my first time but it was pretty tasteless, the texture was disgusting, and i felt like i was eating soft lumpy fat bits.my main i had the onglet that came with a side of crazy cheesy scalloped potatoes and a little crusty on top from being burnt (fav). the beef was pretty good, not the most memorable part just because i loved the potatoes and they loaded caramelized onions on top of the steak which were fan-tasticcc. overall, would not come here again if i had the choice, but an average french bistrot dinner.ps one of the waiters was fantastic. there was a short wait for a table and he came out and gave us some snacks for the wait :) totally unexpected simply amazing... what a cozy little spot! had to come back here (second time in one week) because we saw how delicious the boef bourguignon looked at another table. it did not disappoint! the sauce was was to die for, and a spoon and baguette were definitely needed to soak up every last bite! until we meet again! best meal we had in paris. we left here feeling so stuffed that it was painful. everything was incredible. the escargot had the perfect amount of butter an garlic for those that are trying it for the first time. also the bone marrow appetizer was huge! it was a really great surprise. however, the dish of the hour was the beef stew. my husband and i could not believe how rich and flavorful it was. insanely delicious. at the end of the meal, the owner came over, talked with us and gave us free shots of french liquor. top notch experience. gem of local neighborhood. intimate restaurant. phenomenal food. large portions. chateaubriand to die for. great service by what appears to be a husband and wife duo. if i lived in paris, this would be one of my regular spots. highly recommended by friends who were visiting paris the same time that we were, but i don't think we loved it as much as they did.like many other bistros in paris, henri's is close and intimate. we shared our space with another older american couple who were lovely to visit with. our server was lovely as well.we started with the warm goat cheese, which was fantastic. i had the veal scallopine, husband and son had a chicken dish, daughter had the ravioli with parmesan sauce.for dessert we did the chocolate mousse and creme brle -- very good.overall, it was fine, but we didn't love it. probably the best all around meal we had in france. the escargot was awesome, and we had the house special salad which was unlike any salad i've ever tasted before. for dinner, the ravioli with truffle oil was the single most delicious plate of my entire europe trip. the whole menu looked amazing, so it was hard to make a choice. the service was also very friendly to us even though we only can speak english. we will for sure come back every time we visit paris. would not recommend. service was very unfriendly, felt they were prejudice against us. the steak was full of tendon and inedible. go somewhere else, other restaurants in the area want your business more and are more talented. i'm willing to spend a decent amount of money on food, but when the food is just good and 60 euro for lunch, i find that to be a poor value, which was my experience at le bistrot d'henri. i enjoyed my steak tartare, which was standard, but well executed. they had just run out of boeuf bourguignon, which is what my boyfriend wanted, but he instead tried the lamb stew and we both liked it. i also tried the lentils with lardon, which was good, but a huge portion and i got tired of it after a while because i thought it needed a contrasting flavor or texture. the service was friendly and helpful. i don't really have much else to say about this place because it was one of those very middle of the road meals that i wished i would have used just eating charcuterie, cheese, and bread picked up from a local shop. i can't get involved with a drawn out and lengthy review of this restaurant because i am literally speechless. if you are in paris, and if you are within 25km of st. germain, you must eat here. make reservations and don't be late, because it is small and always packed. my suggestion is to order one of everything on the menu, but if that is not an option i will guide you toward the chateaubriand, the beef bourguignon, and the sea bass and scallops. you will weep with joy as each tender, delicious morsel of food adorns your unsuspecting taste buds and sends them into an orgasmic frenzy of culinary rapture.if you re in paris and you have any interest in food, eat here. if you don't, you're an idiot and you're disgracing your foodie gene pool. made reservations in advance online which i highly recommend because this place is tiny. i received confirmation via email and when we arrived we were seated right away! extensive specials menu which they went through with us. we ended up ordering the goose terrine which was literally amazing and foias gras for appetizers and then i got the beef bourguignon which was delicious and my friend got the duck which was amazing as well! the wine was wonderful and we ordered creme brle for dessert which was great! overall the experience was great! the staff was attentive, patient and friendly! we even got a picture with the whole staff before we left and high fived the chefs. great time and one of the best meals i had while in paris!! it is so easy to find a good place to eat in paris. as long as you don't go to a tourist trap or those street lined cafe, you're in good shape. one area which has no shortage of local, intimate restaurants is saint germain. and despite the abundance of great restaurants here, we stumbled upon a special gem among gems. the restaurant is a small establishment with intimate decor and an ambience suitable for most moods. service was amazingly friendly, and second only to the quality of the meal. we ordered the lobster bisque, and the crab and avocado salad for starters. the crab and avocado salad was particularly memorable. for mains, the sea bass and scallops with pesto, and the veal cooked in white cream sauce with carrots and mushrooms. both these items were divine, particularly the veal. in fact, i can't remember the last one i had meat this tender. amazing!!!!highly recommend this place. make sure you have a reservation because it was packed. the only reason we got a table without a reservation was because we got there early for dinner. like 6 ish. one of our favorite dinning spots in paris. st. germaine district is the perfect setting for this little gem of a restaurant. the staff spoke english and were very helpful and pleasant. we sat onside on the street and enjoyed the nice paris atmosphere and a nice bottle of wine. "henri" is no long at the restaurant, however his son was our waiter. it was an all around great experience.we arrived a bit early. i believe an 8pm reservation. good thing we did. the place was packed. they were turning people away. the restaurant is small it only sits maybe 40 people. eat here, enjoy the pure parisien vibe. you will be glad you did. excellent traditional french cuisine in a tiny, casual space. i had a green salad (rocket was the lettuce) with mushrooms, diced tomato and shaved parmesan in a balsamic vinaigrette followed by one of the specials on the chalkboard, a combo of sea bass filet and scallops au pistou with mashed potatoes. for dessert i had the chocolate mousse, which was perfect. my husband ordered the blanquette de veau and couldn't finish it, so i got to try that also. divine. portions are generous, and i would probably just have one course on my next visit. we were the only americans in the place for lunch, but they offer a menu in english and the owner can get by speaking it. great food, beautiful historic space on a lovely street, and really nice people. chateaubriand was excellent. it was nice when we arrived, 2 or 3 couples, but by the time we left it was really packed! we were hoping to get french onion soup but they didn't have it. maybe its seasonal? a good restaurant, classic paris feel. was able to get a reservation in two hours before arriving. excellent service. the seven hour lamb was fantastic. dinner for two with starters, entrees, dessert and a decent bottle of wine was under 90 i didn't like the food. the service was okay, friendly and efficient but the food, despite being traditional was quite disappointing. the ambience was cool. great food in a riotous but convivial atmosphere. was near our apartment we rented in paris. we got the last table in the place on a busy weeknight. we had a great time. a small restaurant that is definitely worth going to. the only drawback of it was that its intimate size places you close to your neighbors. this can probably make for interesting experiences if you have interesting neighbors, or not matter much if you have courteous or polite neighbors, or if they speak a language you don't. unfortunately, we sat next to another american couple and were subjected to one of the dumbest conversations i've overheard since i was in middle school, an experience that painfully showcased why lots of europeans probably think americans are stupid. nothing against the restaurant, though. excellent food and service.	0	0	0	0	0
 like most travelers, i came here after seeing the catacombs and i really thought it was going to be a tourist joint. i was very surprised to see a lot of locals here. i started with the burgundy snails (i'm vegetarian and was peer pressured into trying it. i'm pretty sure my parents would have disowned me if i came back from paris without trying ~*escargot*~) i sat there for a good 10 minutes staring at it trying to build up the courage to eat it and all i could think about were all the snails i "saved" as a child by moving them from pathways. i eventually tried it and was surprised by the taste and texture. it actually tasted pretty good, a lot better than i imagined at least but i psyched myself out and could only eat one of the six. i also ordered their veggie burger which was more my style and absolutely delicious and filling! another thing i have to mention is the service here. the owner was the first person i interacted with and he has a true passion for what he does. you can tell that he really enjoys making people happy with good service and meals. the staff here are all held to the same standard as well. overall this is a great place to try! my boyfriend and i went here after visiting the catacombs and absolutely loved it. i got the gnocchi and you can really taste the truffles in the sauce, and the gnocchi was perfectly cooked. had to be the best i've ever had. my boyfriend had the hamburger, aubac beef with a cheddar sauce and he thought it was perfection. i tried the sauce with a fry and it was very delicious. we both had a beer, that i can't recall the name but it was an unfiltered one that was wonderful! i have to note how great the owners were to us as well. welcomed us with open arms and were very sweet and accommodating. felt as if we were guests in their home rather than customers at an establishment and that's a great feeling to have.also i'd like to note after reading previous reviews that they knew we were american and we were treated very well so anyone who is complaining about that, maybe it's something to do with your attitude, patience or your manners rather than your citizenship. my friends and i were visiting the catacombs, and ended up coming over here for a meal afterwards. surprisingly the food here was quite delicious, even though it was right next to a tourist attraction.i had the chicken and it came on top of potatoes and with this amazing gravy sauce. the two came together super well and provided for a rich and relaxing meal. overall a great choice, with good flavors. the best place i ate in paris during my aunt's bachelorette! (this may) we were trying to find a nice restaurant after the catacombs & after going through many menus of restaurants, we finally stumbled upon le comptoir!!! our waiter was the manager/owner himself & he was lively, funny, very friendly, & spoke great english. we ordered a lot and none of the food disappointed us! this restaurant truly made my experience in paris, top-notch!! i forgot what we ate but i promise, nothing disappoints!!!!! i loved this restaurant/bistro & i will come again one day when i visit paris again. the escargot was also surprisingly delicious in short: great atmosphere, great service, amazing food so this place is touted at the end of the catacombs tour. you see advertisements everywhere. usually i say avoid these places, but after seeing thousands of human remains, go here for some food! staff was excellent and the food was awesome!!!! best part? toilet paper... that's right! talk about service we asked where a market was as our accommodations were low on the ol' butt parchment. he handed us a bag with a few rolls to get us by since most stuff in the area was closed!!!!!!! a very friendly place to foreigners and locals, serving french standards and more. nice sidewalk dining. escargot was great. love this place. great outdoor seating allowing for extensive people watching. a menu with lots of yummy vittles. authentic laid back parisian service. good prices and no bullshit. probably some of the best escargots that i've ever had. within walking distance to my home away from home. i couldn't ask for anything more. american friendly. walked in to the caf and we were immediately greeted and sat. the hostess speaks great english. she provided us with a menu and was very courteous. my wife ordered coffee, i ordered hot chocolate, and we ordered a ham and cheese omelet to share. the wife said the coffee is good, the hot chocolate is great. the food was awesome. the music playing was reggae. great ambiance in the restaurant. they all speak english with no problem. price was good. ill definitely come back here is i am ever back in france. we stopped in here for a late lunch after visiting the catacombs. despite it being a bit chilly, we were able to sit outside comfortably due to some small heaters placed above the patio tables. it was a nice touch. i ordered the pan fried gnocchi and my friend had a salad. she very much enjoyed her salad. i kind of enjoyed the gnocchi. the gnocchi itself was good, as was the herb cream sauce, but an added sweet crumble to the top and sprouts as a garnish really sullied the flavor, in my opinion. i would come back here, but would order something else. service was attentive and friendly, and our limited french was fine here. went here after the catacombs based on other reviews and do not regret it. husband got the burger and i got the gnocchi. excellent food, would order again with no hesitation. for dessert we ordered the creme brulee, which was awesome. service was fantastic. would stop by here again. it has been a little bit since we ate here in our vacation, but i remember we loved it! they had a live band which was so much fun. good food and service also! they even gave us a bottle opener magnet that we have on our fridge. :) although i'd rather keep this place a secret, the owners were so sweet and the food so good that i have to write a 5-star review. first of all, the restaurant is literally across the street from the catacomb exit and is cozy on a cold night. we were welcomed right in and had great service the whole evening. the food is very vegetarian friendly (the homemade veggie patty is amazing) and the salmon was the best we had in paris. the owners are incredibly kind and speak great english (there's also an english menu) and even showed us exactly how to get back to our hotel. if you go, be sure to try their specialty: the apple dessert. it's amazing! great cafe located steps from the exit of the catacombs. when we finished the catacombs we had a bit of time for lunch before our trip to versailles so we hung out here and people watched and played cards. it was a very pleasant late morning and to our wonderful surprise the food was excellent. the waitress was one of the best we've had while here in paris so we felt comfortable asking her to take a picture. she had a great sense of humor and our glasses never ran dry. i would visit again if only it were closer to my hotel. burger is cooked almost rare, salad is refreshing, the escargot is fabulous, the chicken and polenta very very good, the chocolate mouse is amazing! my buddy and i stopped in after visiting the catacombs. we found a seat outside and were greeted right away. we ordered a couple of beers and took in the scenery. feeling a little hungry, we found a table inside and ordered a few appetizers. there was live music playing as we dined and the atmosphere couldn't have been more perfect. friendly staff. our food was not good though. the two croque monsieurs we had were the worst i have ever had.  in fact, one had a long blondish hair in it.. which more troubling, i didn't see anyone in the kitchen with similar hair.  the bread used was like packaged white bread..  the frites were good. the salad bland.  two stars for the nice staff.. pretty much nil for the food we came to le comptoir after visiting the catacombes. immeditaly, the service was warm and welcoming. our servers; gabriel and michael were very helpful. gabriel has a great sense of humor and gave us a bit of history surrounding the neighborhood. the food looked and was absolutely delicious. we have visited a few french restaurants through out our week and a half long stay here and this one stands out above all. our experience was lovely and unforgettable. the best food and service we have had in paris! amazing pub atmosphere with high quality restaurant food. wish we had found this place sooner to try all the amazing food on the menu. the owner was so helpful and even chased after us to tell us we were walking in the wrong direction for our metro once we had finished tea. from south africa. was there in august. had to write a review 3 months later cause it is that good. loved the service, english speaking, unforgettable, the best creme brulee!!!! forget a 5 star michillin, this place is a gem. i was hesitant to walk in, i was looking at the menu outside when the owner asked if i spoke english, i of course said yes. he welcomed me into the restaurant and asked what food i was looking for. he walked me through the menu. i sat down and had a really great meal. i loved the ratatouille that came with the fish. it was superb. i wish i had more time in paris to go again! this place is great. the staff is super friendly and the food is some of the best we had in paris. it should be said i am a hardcore foodie and was very pleased here. their ceviche had the softest and most complex flavors of any ceviche i've ever had (including our travels to mexico, spain, and peru). the moules were excellent and so was pretty much everything we had there.the servers were super friendly. i think i embarrassed one when after we were greeted and sat, she brought us french menus and proceeded to speak beautiful, but incomprehensible words to me. i smiled, she turned beet red and returned with english menus. after years in kitchens, i have a pretty good fake french accent and fooled her. after that, every single front of the house staff came by throughout our meal and showed the the best of hospitality. i am very very grateful for the connections we made with almost every parisian we met and all the staff at le comptoir.on our way out the door, one of them chased us down and placed a token in my hand telling me it was good luck. a last wonderful gesture from a great place in an amazing city.to france and le comptoir, thank you for your gracious generosity. i will most certainly be back. our family stopped here after a tour of the catacombes and enjoyed the outdoor dining and the delicious food. we tried the escargot and it was deliciously prepared. had the gnocchi,fish and chips, and several other entrees and ended up trading and tasting them all. the staff was very friendly and attentive. enjoyed our time here. this is one of our last nights after about a week in paris. we wanted to do something casual and saw a sign for this outside. i typically check yelp but we decided to wing it and just go. boy am i glad we did. this was the best meal we have had so far. we were happy that it was welcoming to tourists (have had some wonky experiences) as they even had menus in english. we dined for a few hours actually. we had two tapas apps (toast and cheese balls) which were so tasty. we couldn't stop eating. then i got gnocchi and my husband got the beef. word to the wise, beef is generally quite rare so order accordingly. the gnocchi was the best i ever had. it wasn't a particularly huge visual amount, but it was the perfect size as gnocchi is heavy. the beef was cooked perfect for us. we are every bite. the chips were similar to london. we ended the evening with a cognac for my husband and hot chocolate for me. delicious. the hot chocolate was beautifully presented with a side of hot milk. can't say enough. go!!!!!!! our best meal in paris all week! after touring the catacombs we were hungry and not sure where to eat. as we chatted about it not far from the catacombs, the owner/manager (i am sorry that i didn't ask his name) of le comptoir highly encouraged us to give his restaurant a try, showing us the daily specials on the chalkboard and speaking english (without being rude to us as we have experienced in other paris restaurants). he bragged about his 4 1/2 stars and now we know why! we each had the daily special - we were encouraged for one of us to order the starter and main while the other could order the main and dessert and we could share the starter and dessert. this was a perfect arrangement! the starter was a lovely poached egg with hollanadaise sauce along with spinach, pumpkin and sunflower seeds. the flavor was full and satisfying. our main dishes were the roast chicken - just the right sized portion, full of flavor with broccoli ricotta puree and accompanied by a salad. the table next to us had frites (french fries) so of course we had to have a side of them as well and they did not disappoint. as our waiter said, "these are the real french fries!" our dessert was a decadent white chocolate mousse with coconut topped with crumbled oreos. the food had so much thought and care put into it and was reasonably priced; it was no wonder that they were full of locals.if you are visiting the catacombs in paris, please do not hesitate to try this restaurant. they are the real thing! the ultimate in parisian cafe hospitality. this place was so great! we ate and drank and had such an amazing evening. the service was wonderful and the food was fantastic. the beef cheeks were to die for! every course was perfect. the atmosphere here was great as well. i would definitely recommend le comptoir! amazing food. friendly laid back service with waiters that speak english. sitting outside and people watching is wonderful but watching the puppies play in the puppy store across the street was a bonus! highly recommend so thankful to have come across this place while visiting paris! such amazing food and genuinely kind staff. thank you for making our trip to paris that much tastier. i had the amazing black bean burger from the menu, filling and light, and the garcon catered to our needs! so delish the place was sooo good to myself and 4 of my friends. they made sure they met every need of ours. so friendly. thank you guys for reading us americans so good excellent stop right after the catacombs or any time! having nice and humble workers was such a nice and refreshing thing to experience after experiencing a lot of coldness from many restaurants in paris. the owner and his waiters are very, truly thankful for your patronage, and they speak english and many other languages very well. besides this, they recommended us local food to try, and explained thoroughly what each plate was, which was awesome. to top it all off, the owner was a former tourist guide, and he shared with us many secrets of the city, like how the eiffel tower sparkles every hour at night for only 5 minutes! definitely a great place to try in a big city. just happened on this place after a visit from the catabombs and what a delightful surprise! we just had frites and the lavender creme brulee but bith were perfect and nuanced in flavors and the other patrons dishes looked bright and beautiful. the owner and staff were on point and very personable. definitely a nice place to recharge and hang out.	1	1	1	0	1
 as i mentioned on my previous review, i planned for my europe trip few months in advance and booked l'epicure restaurant to celebrate for my birthday. i have been to a few 3 michelin star and 2 michelin star restaurants in tokyo, hk, nyc & vegas. of coz, i would expect more at one of 3 michelin star restaurant in paris.they have real top notch service and compare with other michelin star restaurants i have been to!yes! yes! yes. l'epicure didn't disappoint us and exceed our expectation! wow! wow! wow! this is what a 3 star michelin experience should be! be canadian, wish we could have such fine dining restaurant and outstanding service in vancouver!!! of coz, we need to pay for it!!we checked out the tasting menu and preferred to order a la carte.stuffed macaroni - the black truffle with foie gras, it's delicious, smooth and presented beautifully.crab from roscoff - my appetizer just like a main size dish! the crab so fresh and tasty! i loved the plating that so tempting and appealing!sole - it stuffed with girolle mushrooms and cooked with yellow wine. the fishbone sauce so creamy and extra chanterelle on the side. yum...rack of lamb from lozere - i would say it's the best rack of lamb we never had! even though 3 tiny piece rack of lamb but it's juicy, tender and melted in our mouth. after all stunning dishes, i have no room for dessert! i know...such a joke! dessert queen didn't order any dessert, pls believe me i'm not cheap just too full. i will come back for their beautiful priceless nyangbo chocolate next time. my husband and i came here for our anniversary. we got the three course for 145. you definitely get very full especially with all the amuse bouche and dessert cart at the end. the highlight was the frosted tomato, veal bread and the dessert cart! it took a while when we first sat down to get the attention from the servers. but that's probably because they were really busy - so understandable. nevertheless, it was a great dining experience!! we enjoyed our dinner here very much. the service was amazing. service was friendly and fast efficient and took care of our every need. the food was extremely tasty with many excellent selections to choose from. the place is extremely beautiful. i think this is an excellent example of fine dining in paris stuffed macaroni with black truffle, artichoke and duck foie gras, gratined with mature parmesan cheese. 98 [$105.84] (not clear if they mean parmesan, which is typically inauthentic, or the real thing, which is properly called parmigiano-reggiano)purple sea urchinssimmered in their shells with tongues, and sea urchin broth, smooth egg mousse. 82 [$88.56]sand solecooked in a meunire style, spring onions and black truffle, salsify cooked with hazelnuts, caramelized fish-bone juice. 110 [$118.80]sea scallopscooked in their shells with seaweed butter, smoked potatoes gnocchi, periwinkles with parsley juice. 89 [$96.12]bresse farm hen poached in a bladder (2 persons)supreme in "vin jaune" broth, sweets of giblets, crayfish and black truffle.legs, truffled stock of leeks and potatoes. 290 [$313.20 for two people]aged cheeses selected from the "chariot de fromage""rubinette" applecandied with caramel, lemon - thyme, farm cream, thin shortbread with butter from normandy. 38 [$41.04]a bit anal about jackets, you may not wear a coat to your table, you must have a "jacket" on (if you're male) and you must keep it on while you eat. a man who sat at an adjacent table took his jacket off as he sat down and was promptly admonished by staff that he must wear it at all times that he is in the restaurant. to me, that's not about comfort or the diner, but about a convention i simply disagree with. i prefer to feel relaxed when i dine, whether at home or out, and a jacket often isn't comfortable, sometimes it is just "hot" to wear inside. i also feel that women have a looser dress code than men, and feel that it is sexist and unfair. staff in general could benefit from monthly visits with a competent english tutor to rid them of a few persistent errors; but overall, their english skills are impressive. because of my personal bias against a rigid dress code, and the fact that after waiting ten minutes to pay our bill, eager to leave, we walked to the reception desk, i cannot give them a perfect score of five. nonetheless, the food was phenomenal. i also suspect that tonight might have been louder than usual, because of a table of loud-talking russians near us, and another table of hard-drinking asians.please don't bring your young children to a restaurant like this. if we can't bring along our service animals, your kids and their potential tantrums or misbehavior ought not disturb other diners as they spend more than 1,000 on a meal.the current exchange rate from us dollars to the  is us $1.00 = 1.08. our cards do not charge a foreign transaction fee so these prices should be close, in us dollars, to what our food cost us. we had lunch here in early january when visiting paris. food, service, atmosphere - all top notch. reservations were done through email with prompt responses. we had a few dietary restrictions which the staff happily accommodated. they have a pre-set but we ordered a la carte. for our starter we shared the stuffed macaroni. it is steeply priced but this is dining at its finest. my wife had the langoustines for her main and i had the lamb. would highly recommend either one. we ordered the cheese cart and had items offered to us off the dessert cart. we each also ordered a dessert: the nyangbo chocolate and lemon from menton (see pictures).i expected the waitstaff to be reserved and formal but instead they provided the perfect balance of service, friendliness, timing, and joking around - creating a perfect atmosphere for lunch.we ate at le cinq on our last visit to paris and it would be hard to choose one over the other. our lunch lasted about two hours and cost around $470 (no alcohol). both my husband and i are foodies. epicure seemed a must go because it's the first on trip advisor and has 3 michelin stars in the food city paris. service was perfect. the atmosphere was great.they were able to accommodate half portion appetizer for us because we order the huge chicken in the balloon. that was great. tips: the appetizer was better than the main course. the chicken macaroni was extremely delicious. the passion fruit dessert was very refreshing after a very full meal. however, i was definitely expecting better food considering all the good reviews and the money we were paying. the food was good, but nothing surprised me that much... have been to many michelin restaurants in new york city and europe, and i was hoping that i will feel really amazed but didn't get that much of it in epicure. was pretty disappointed. besides, the chicken in the balloon just looks fancy... but tastes are really okay. the soup (chicken's second way of serving) was very salty, but they were able to make a new one for me, which was good. wow! wow! wow! this is what a 3 star michelin experience should be! for 2016, its #69 on the world's 100 best restaurants by san pellegrino, it should be higher! everything from start to finish met or exceeded my expectations. it's consistent! i came here a few years ago and this time was just as good as my first experience! food: the langoustine and french caviar was very good, fresh and light to start. the stuffed macaroni (truffles, artichoke, foie gras) was out of this world and a must order! for my main course, i had the red mullet with caviar and veggies. the server stated that this was his favorite item on the menu! so glad i listened to him. i almost licked the plate, lol! the lamb was good as well. the cheese course was excellent and what you expect from this type of dining in paris. wild strawberries and sorbet and strawberry jelly bites were compliments of the chef - nice and light for the end of the meal. the sweets cart at the end sent me right over the edge!!! the macaroons were something that i will dream about for years to come!service - the best and what you expect for a 3 star michelin restaurant. the room is beautiful. our table was overlooking the courtyard on a gorgeous summer night. what more could you want. it's pricy, but you know that going in! l'epicure was the first restaurant that i booked about 6 months in advance of our trip to paris. booking was effortlessly done via email and a simple confirmation 2 days prior to reservation. l'epicure epitomizes what a true 3 michelin star restaurant should strive for. from the moment you enter through the front doors you are overwhelmed with an amazingly beautiful hotel and are pleasantly greeted by the hostess. we opted to dine here for lunch as we just can't eat a full tasting menu. our corner table had a view of the beautiful courtyard.their lunch tasting menu allows you to pick your appetizer, entree and dessert but in reality it's more like a 6 course meal. a plate containing 3 amuse bouches were brought out shortly after making your choices for the appetizer, entree, and dessert. elegantly plated and each amuse bouche tasted amazing. i should've taken notes as to what each one was but i was too busy taking pics as the waiter brought out the dishes. a warm cheese, olive and sun dried tomato muffin was also brought out. though bite sized, each one was rich and packed super flavorful punch.next the waiter brought out a basket containing a variety of breads. i opted for the baguette since there was no better place to have it. words cannot describe how amazing it was .... nice crunchy outside with a chewy center. i could've eaten another 4-5 of these and been content for lunch.another amuse bouche came afterwards which if i remember correctly was a pea and chorizo mousse. once again, each bite of this was super flavorful and simply amazing.i opted for the white asparagus for my appetizer and there is something to be said about how tasty white asparagus' are. the had what i believe to have been mimolette cheese grated on top of the creamy mustard sauce. though it was tasty, the flavors seemed to start to get old as i continued to eat more and more of the sauce. guess i'm not a huge fan of mustard as the french seem to be.i ordered the rabbit for my entree since my wife ordered the trout. what was surprising was that there were 3 different variations of rabbit plated (octopus stuffed with rabbit, a chorizo and rabbit sausage, and the loin of the rabbit). again each variation was super tasty and the variations of the rabbit offered nice texture changes on the palate. i did find the more i ate of this dish, the saltier each bite became. a serving of perfectly smooth pea mashed potatoes were also brought out to compliment the main dish. it wasn't as rich as robuchon's famed mashed potatoes but the texture was very similar.at this point in the meal, i was completely stuffed and didn't even have dessert yet. i was quite surprised as to how generous portions were in france. typically a cheese course is an option, but it's included in the set menu at l'epicure. i'm not a fan of stinky cheese so i stuck with the cow based cheeses and the only one i recognized was the super bright orange colored mimolette which i had to order. the other two were what our waiter recommended which were both good. included were a stewed apricot and fig which were absolutely phenomenal. i did want to try the walnut and raisin bread which was super tasty but super hard at the same time. if only it wasn't as hard i would've eaten more of it.a lime flavored sorbet palate cleanser came out next which is where the meal got interesting. dining next to us was a group of french business men at which one decided to cut one loose. both myself and were in disbelief and she couldn't stop laughing that the serving staff had to wait to bring out her dessert as her lime sorbet was melting in front of her. finally my coffee dessert was brought out. a mocha flavored ice cream with an espresso sauce was brushed onto the plate. gold chocolate nuggets and coffee flavored espresso beans decorated the side of the plate. as full as i was with the entire meal, i did somehow find room for this tasty dessert. oh and two spoons came out which was their take on molecular gastronomy as once you take a bit, a burst of cherry flavors fill your mouth.if that wasn't enough a waiter rolled out a cart full of mignardises which you get are allowed to choose a few. their macarons were amazing, the perfect chewiness and a filling that was flavorful and not super sweet at the same time.be prepared to drop a pretty penny when dining here but you will definitely have an amazing dining experience. service was spot on and the staff entire were all super pleasant which really adds to the meal. i think i have to go to paris just to eat at lepicure again. and i am serious about it.they made us feel like royal with their service and taste of food.3 of us chose 3 regular entrees with an appetizer and couple of desserts but somehow they turned our order in a chef's menu by giving us many rounds of complimentary appetizer, and free courses of pre-dessert, post dessert etc and all from the chef.they brought in their macaron cart and cheese cart and everything was free. their sea bass melted in our mouth and the rack of lamb, we still go to the fb saved pictures to savor those moments.we paid a little over 400 euro for 3 of us and dollar being strong, i felt it was a steal.thank you lepicure, after eiffel tower, this should be your next attraction. other than the main dish which didn't quite meet our expectations (my husband had the duck but some part of it was hard to chew; i had the sole fish which was salty and i didn't really enjoy it), everything else and all the other dishes was perfect. we came in at 8:15 pm and left about 00:30 am - the staff had a few pieces of candies & chocolate in a to-go box for us because it was obviously too late by the time we finished - i wish there was some pieces of macaron in there though :) we made reservations here a couple months in advance. showed up on time for our reservation to find that they had cancelled our reservation. they had sent us an email to which we had to confirm the reservation. problem was, they sent the email one day prior to the reservation (like how restaurants call the day before or so here), and naturally we didn't check email bc we were traveling and going on *vacation*, so we like to take a hiatus from the work stuff. anyway, because we didn't respond to that email, they cancelled our reservation without any further notice. and even tho we were there a little early, they refused to accommodate us in any way whatsoever. i have never seen this level of customer service ever, and i have been to numerous michelin etoil restaurants. really not cool. whatever, i'll stick w my buddy guy savoy anyway. i think the finest restaurant in paris-huge statement but it does not get any better than this!this restaurant ticks all the boxes that one expects of a 3 michelin starred establishment. the dining room is gorgeous with beautifully set tables that are well spaced- no elbow to elbow dining here.the service is outstanding- there are so many people who take care of the details but it isn't obtrusive, just amazingly efficient and yes, very warm and friendly.the food is a knockout- every course of the tasting menu was almost too pretty to eat but we finished everything. the cheese trolley, chocolates and macarons were the perfect finish to a fabulous dining experience and we finally cried uncle when the macaron and chocolates were proffered once again!l'epicure is expensive but the experience is priceless! don't hesitate to book a dinner reservation-just wonderful! i wanted to love l'epicure so badly and even after a night out of partying till 6 am, i managed to make it to our 1 pm lunch appoint but sadly the food and restaurant fell below my expectation especially for a three-star michelin restaurant in the city of lights.husband and i both got the seasonal tasting menu at 140 euro per person for three courses and some dish was good but nothing memorable. for starters we were offered a champagne apertif and a sweet wine after our meal (that we later found out they charged us 100 euros for!) and it was not anything special. the amuse consisted of a few things that popped and crackle as lots of fine dining establishments do and it was meh. for starters, my husband got the asparagus and morels but it was drench in cheese and tasted very heavy and bland. i got four small bites of lobster in a thai-inspired broth that was again bland and underwhelming. for mains, my husband got the fish and he said it was good but again- nothing special. i got the pig with oysters and it was an interesting choice to cook pork with oysters but the pork belly was dry and the mashed potatoes had way too much chives. most of our dishes were uneaten and the staff was concerned and offered to give us something else, but after two hours of being underwhelmed we weren't really all that eager to try more dishes and declined. the cheese plate and raspberry palate cleansers were probably the best dishes of the night but i don't think that's a compliment for a restaurant. after we paid- they rolled in a macaron cart but we said that we were too full so the waiter offered to box some for us to take home- but when i opened the box at home- there were no macarons and instead a few pieces of chocolates. perhaps we went at a less than desirable time since it was a monday lunch during a holiday, but this experience has left me very disappointed. truly a 3 michelin star restaurant. came here for lunch to celebrate my husband's birthday. the dress code is formal and jacket required for men. i actually felt we were over dressed due to some patrons there. my husband looked dashing in his suit, no tie though. i did the all black thing; black dress, black tights, black booties with a black scarf. a couple came in jeans and the restaurant loaned a jacket to the guy. we decided to do the lunch special tasting menu for 145 euros a person; choose a starter, a main dish and a dessert. i chose the white asparagus as my starter. the trout as my main dish and the strawberry for dessert. my husband chose the white asparagus, the rex rabbit and the coffee for dessert. it did not sound like a lot of food but i was stuffed. started off with some complimentary items. delicious!! the flavors were exploding in my mouth. i had their olive bread which was loaded with olive flavor. yum. check out the pictures i upload. flavor and presentation were spot on with every dish. the staff were professional and friendly. after the starter and main dish their cheese cart rolled over. amazing selection of cheese. i loved the palate cleanser. very refreshing. the dessert was creatively but a little too sweet. just when i thought the meal was over a dessert cart rolls by with tasty macarons, chocolates and nougat. what a way to end the meal. highly recommend this place if you are celebrating a special occasion. my only complaint was there were gnats that would occasionally fly by. that annoyed me and hence the 4 stars. it would have been 5 stars if the gnats were not there. was not easy to get reservation. had just flown in and that was only available time. had lunch. very nice dining room. service is snobby which is to be expected but was wife was put off. some plates were impressive. i did fall in love with their dessert. had a wonderful dinner with my wife. loved the golden chocolate. the asparagus and the pigeon legs were great. the service here is amazing, although there may be a few too many servers and staff in the dining room at any one given time.i don't think this is a place for vegetarians. although when we had called to ask this very thing, they assured us they could handle it well.i understand that it is a 3 michelin star restaurant. but i paid 72 for an artichoke. in my opinion, it wasn't worth it by any means. the artichoke itself didn't taste like anything special at all, although the presentation was lovely.my "main" course that they tailor made for me was an asparagus gnocchi. again, great presentation. but it was five tiny pieces of gnocchi with swirls of asparagus foam/cream on the plate. this was 55.i left the restaurant feeling more hungry than when i had arrived. my boyfriend loved his food, so i know they can nail the meat dishes, but if you're vegetarian, no matter how much your boyfriend may want to go, just say no. food: 4/5the food was excellent overall. i enjoyed my time there for the most part except for a few kinks. one of my 3 scallops was not fresh and tasted like old fish. the other 2 tasted fresh but the bad scallop was my first bite and ruined the dish. they did offer to replace it but i declined. they were baffled and insisted that it was live and fresh. luckily there were no food poisoning to report. some plate flavors were not very exciting or flavorful enough for me.some of the dishes flavors did not blend well for me ,but was avant-garde in execution. the taste may just be personal preference so no point deduction there. atmosphere: 5/5excellent high rent location and feel. relaxed atmosphere when i was there. it was at 50% capacity on a friday night. real china and silverwares.service: 5/5excellent and relax service. there's almost a one to one ratio of servers to diners but they worked in concert so everything flowed smoothly. everyone spoke english if you don't speak french. one of our server speaks 5 different languages so you'd be mostly covered. i spilled some water on the table. the server immediately cleaned it up and placed 2 overlapping linen cloths over the spill area to provide a clean and dry table.... just example of attention to details.expense: 4/5320 euros per person for the chef tasting menu. wine and drinks would add at least 300 euros depending on your wine selection. so figured about 1,000 euros for a swank dinner for two.return: 4/5my dinner was not perfect when i was kind of expecting it to. i don't live nearby. impeccable food and service! dining here is truly an unforgettable experience and food will never be the same for me again. it was incredible how you could separate not only the flavors, but also the textures in each dish while they all blended so perfectly. the tasting menu was wonderful and the ros champagne (30) was a great addition to our 3 hour lunch. thank you to all the extraordinary staff for your attention to detail and welcoming dispositions! my experience at epicure was the highlight of my time in paris. (total cost of our tasting menu + champagne was 190 per person.) this was my first three star michelin experience and it was outstanding. the food was outstanding (which i will get to below), but the whole experience felt like interactive entertainment. the staff was friendly and helpful, and they even invited my guest and i to tour the kitchen afterward!please consider that my unrefined description won't do any of this justice. please also keep in mind that the chef brought out several other fun small dishes for us to try. i had the following dishes:caviar de sologne (half portion) - unreal. i had never had caviar before. the caviar came on a bed of mashed potatoes and was just outstanding. it was also served with a small "breadstick" looking item that tasted crunchy on the outside but creamy on the inside.macaronis farcis - this was my least favorite of all the dishes. the presentation was excellent.pigeon de bresse - fantastic dish. the pigeon was perfect and pink throughout. this was suggested by the waiter and was marked as one of the chef's specialties and it didn't disappoint.citron de menton - this desert was very fun. shaped like a lemon, and full of frozen lemon flavor. i thought the way it came apart as i put my utensil through it was so interesting. nyangbo (half portion) - this desert is all about the presentation, am ornate chocolate sphere around a small amount of chocolate covered in gold leafing.i didn't have any alcohol because i don't drink, but my guest seemed to really enjoy his drinks.the meal lasted three and a half hours. my portion of the meal cost me 360 euros and after the experience i was happy. michelin three-starred restaurant, l'epicure. this is also trip advisor's 1 out of 11,652 best restaurant rated by the real people. first time trying the pigeon meat medium rare. very unique experience and course of meal overall. i forgot which red wine i had but it was unforgettably great and a bit expensive.the total cost of my meal for one person $420 usd. it was one of the most expensive yet most disappointed three michelin star restaurant meal of my life. i choose the chef's tasting course. it was less than a 5-7 course meal and most luxurious part was the pigeon steak. taste was very blend and was nothing too special or appealing. i wish i would have booked another restaurant instead. if i was served the same meal again i would decline to eat. this was the worst meal i had in paris from this trip. please avoid the hype and book different restaurant like robuchon or alain passard. robuchon and alain passard were more in aligned with the three michelin starred restaurants around the world. there's a reason this place deserves its 3 stars. from start to finish this restaurant is the epitome of perfect service, food and atmosphere. let's take a dive in on this once-in-a-lifetime experience...as soon as you enter the hotel that houses the restaurant, someone is approaching to make sure you're going to the right place and taken care of. coats and bags were hung up and the manager led us to our table overlooking the beautiful courtyard. meanwhile there was quality banter and witty jokes.the menu was explained and after ordering, several courses of exquisite complementary dishes were served. i think by the time the starters arrived, i'd already stuffed myself.i ordered a traditional french rabbit dish and my friend had the lobster. literally for a solid 15 minutes no words were explained simply because we were too busy absorbing the amazing food.simply there are no sufficient words to sum up the experience. not only did it feel incredibly luxurious, the service was personal, well coordinated, and so seemless. with these places, you don't just pay for world class food, you are there to experience waitressing to a whole new level.definitely a must try! one of my favorite 3 stars but, number one for lunch. the rationale follows: service in the beautiful garden in season, fixed menu at 145 euros is a bargain, flexible kitchens accommodates my wife (she is highly selective), the iced tea is my fave (marco polo blend from marriage frere) and the food/presentation rivals many other 3 stars. imho, prices for mouton-rothchild are a bit steep. hands down the best meal we've ever had! every texture and taste just sort of evolves into something spectacular. the staff are super courteous and jovial, putting us at ease in such a high-end setting. we didn't do the degustation because we wanted to be able to try a little of everything. i had the langoustines royales et caviar for my entree and sole de sable for my main and my partner had the macaronis farcis entree and the merlan de ligne main. all was outstanding, but if pushed, we both agreed my entree and his main were the best.we ordered the citron de menton and the prcieux chocolat "nyangbo" for dessert as well. both were good but compared to the rest of the meal, weren't much to write home about--but the chest of complimentary macaroons they rolled out after however, definitely was! they tasted as good as the display case of them looked. the staff even snuck a rose to my husband to give me at the end of the evening because they knew we were on our honeymoon:) also, we got a very lovely wine pairing suggested by our wine server/expert. those wine bibles can be a bit intimidating (and very heavy!) but he listened to what we liked and suggested something that went perfectly and was actually quite affordable. it wasn't just about getting us to buy the most expensive bottle!be prepared to leave completely stuffed, as the chef sends out delicious surprise dishes throughout the evening as well. with all of the excellent food choices in paris, this place is one i would want to return to again each time we go! i have eaten at many of the very finest restaurants in the world, and epicure is as good or better than the very best of that group. first and foremost, the food is otherworldly. every course, from amuse bouche to dessert, was at the highest level of achievement. it was fabulous. equally important, the service was impeccable. the waitstaff and captain could not have been nicer or more down to earth while simultaneously operating at the highest level of service. they were completely unobtrusive but at the same time fun and even funny (in appropriate small doses), which was helpful while dining solo. they gave me the same excellent service they gave everyone i observed there, and went out of their way to do little things because i was there alone (offer reading material, interact a bit when at the table). their recommendations were incredible, too. all in all just wonderful. finally, the setting is beautiful.this was an incredible dining experience. it deserves the 3 michelin stars. definitely. the wine list is comprehensive, i kid you not. every region, type, year. awesome list. for aps, we had the langostine and signature macaroni. both fantastic dishes. the macaroni was complex and elegant while the langostine are bright and fresh. i almost asked for a straw just to finish the soup. it's that delicious.the mains, we got the pig and fish of the day. the fish was a white fish, i have never tasted so fresh. you'd imagine that is what fish tastes like if it had jumped straight into your mouth. the pig was delicious. i am telling you.the french knows its wine, cheese, pigs, and desserts. the staff and patient and attentive. we had our 4 yr old daughter with us, who was served fresh pasta and ice cream, gratis. what class. well done. well done. something that other 3 stars in paris can learn from (eg guy savoy) a very delightful lunch, service was great. they served some welcome and refreshment dishes in between, such as the pea soup, lime ice cream, they all look wonderful and taste great. only disappointment was the starter duck fore gras was too oily and the main course rabbit and octopus was salty. epicure is by far the best food you will have in a long while. the dishes are sophisticated and well made, the staff is incredible it is an experience that can not be missed while in paris.the first thing you will notice is the staff, they are immediately there when you need them and will blend into the atmosphere when you don't. the entire staff is extremely professional. the atmosphere and professionalism, this alone, is a reason to go here. if you are here i highly recommend the tasting menu. while the food will be incredible either way i highly recommend this as you get to try everything.1st course was the macaroni: this really isn't your typical macaroni. stuffed with black truffle, foie gras, spinach and covered in aged cheese this macaroni is an amazing dish. once again meeting the high standards set by the price tag.2nd course was the line caught whiting fish in a crust of bread and almonds. once again an amazing dish. the fish itself tastes amazing and the breading adds a perfect amount of substance. 3rd course was the pigeon, really incredible. when you think pigeon you don't think of an amazing dish served at a fancy restaurant, but that's really not true. this dish itself shows how creative the chef can get with his protein choice. the pigeon itself was moist and tasty (tastes like chicken) and very well presented.4th course was the lemon frosted with lemoncello. this dish once again raised the bar for what makes an amazing dish. not only was it well presented, but it tasted amazing. 5th course was the priceless nyangbo chocolate, it's over the top and unnecessary but it really tastes amazing and is a perfect desert to finish off the night.overall this will most likely be the best experience you will ever have, whether you're into food or not you will love the food here. and while it is expensive the price is extremely justified. if you are in paris you absolutely cannot miss out on the food here. oh my. this was such a incredible experience - certainly the best meal i've ever eaten in my life. epicure is one of the few three-star michelin restaurants in paris to offer a lunch service (weekdays only, i believe) and the prix fixe seasonal lunch menu is an unbelievable deal. it will leave you satisfied and in a state of awe. i never have to eat again. had excellent service, very attentive and very friendly. we were there for lunch and the spring menu consisted of 3 courses. the pig was not my favorite. the champagne and wine selection was excellent- we drank a couple bottles of the ruinart	0	1	1	1	1
 seriously awesome!so i cruised in here with my wife not knowing what to expect. the place was busy but we were whisked away to a table. she got us set up with the house wine and then asked us how we like our steak cooked. we responded and then looked around and realized everyone was being served the same dish. we were not in the mood for beef but apparently that was what we were going to be getting! as we enjoyed the really lovely house wine a small salad was delivered. it was simple and nicely dressed with a horseradish vinaigrette. next came the steak frites main. the steak was similar to flank steak and was cooked nicely with a little bit or char and then smothered in a green sauce. this sauce was incredible. it was complex and i wanted to sop it up with everything that i could get my hands on. the frites were crispy and thin and perfectly cooked. the were a great medium for delivering the sauce to my mouth. even though i was getting full another serving of steak frites came out and there was no way we were going to send it back. i asked the server about the sauce and she told me it was a secret. too bad because i want to make it at home!!!!despite being stuffed we had to get dessert! our server gave us a few recommendations since our french is very limited. she recommended the two house specialties. the first was sort of like a profiter roll with ice cream inside and then slathered with dark chocolate sauce. this dessert was good but the next one that we had was incredible. it was a beautiful thin pastry cup with vanilla ice cream, berries, a sauce, and whipped cream. doesn't sound earth shattering but dang they delivered a near perfect dessert. seriously this dessert is in my top three favorite dessert list. meal 5 starsservice 5 starsdessert 5stars+ truly incredible i had steak last year in paris at a different restaurant and it was amazing. i heard and read a lot about the steak here so i had to come try it. i came on a rainy day and i must've waited a good 30-45 minutes. i just missed the first seating. there's no wait list or anything. you basically stand in line until it is your turn. you can see the people eating since you're standing next to the windows. i was pretty disappointed in the steak to be honest. i am probably spoiled by the steak we have here in nyc and i probably shouldn't compare the steak here to nyc so there's that. the steak here is not quality steak. the meal is inexpensive so come here with low expectations. the steak is something like what you'd get at outback. they serve the first half of your steak with some fries. then, when you are done, they serve you the other half with some more fries. the fries are unlimited, but the steak is not. the fries were okay as well. they weren't' any better than mcdonald's fries. i think this restaurant is more hype than anything. if you must come here, come hungry and don't compare the steak to the high end steakhouses wherever you are from. i did that and that was a mistake of mine. also come for the first seating or during non peak time if you don't want to stand and wait too long. the steak is also thin so it's not something thick. the waiters/waitresses here speak english so that's a plus. there's a clean restroom too. not sure what the hype was all about. asked for my steak medium rare, another person i was with asked for rare. it was like why bother asking if you're going to just serve us the same steak? the meat was way over cooked and was dry unless you used the sauce it came with. the sauce is the saving grace here. that and the french fries which are really good when they come out piping hot and crispy. but i barely got any sauce and the lady was super stingy with refills. the chocolate eclair dessert was really good though. but there are so many places to eat in paris, not worth coming back here again and wouldn't recommend it to any one who's visiting paris! no menu. they only have one thing... and they do that one thing right. it's sliced steak and fried potatoes. the potatoes taste like you think they would, they're good fried potatoes. ok the steak; its pretty amazing. i recommend getting it rare. it's cooked in a sauce made with fat, cream and dijon mustard, and a little salt and pepper as far as i can tell. so simple, so good. had a little salad that comes with it prior that was basically greens walnuts and a mustard vinaigrette. i don't know if i can judge it accurately because i was starving, but it was just perfect. i can't go on and on too long about just steak and fries but if you're in the area i definitely recommend going...its a must do. i'm not much of a steak lover but if i could get steak like this at home it'd make one of me! excellent steak and frites! our server, benouit was the best! extremely friendly, spoke english and took very good care of us. we went during lunch and it was perfect, since they give you quite a lot of fries and the remaining steak after you finish your first half. the best part of the dish was their famous sauce, it's so buttery, i wanted it all over my fries and steak, it was excellent. i'm so glad we were able to make it to this restaurant this time around and it was so close to our hotel! for any reason you visit paris,you need to visit this place to taste the delicious meal of this place, perfect combination of rib eye meat ,fries and unbelievably tasty sauce .before the steak you get a salad with pine nuts and at the end you should try the profiterole with vanilla ice cream, don't let the long line of the people waiting to get in scare you, it is reasonably short time and your wait will be well recompense with a nice meal, if i could , i would have the second time in this travel time, but unfortunately the time was too short.. i went to this restaurant with my colleagues. it was a great experience, delicious food and very nice environment. we sat in the upstairs area. both dessert and food was delicious, specially the green sauce on the steak. i highly recommend this place. the restaurant was jam packed and they had a wait of around 15 to 20 mind. who doesn't love steak? i feel like there needs to be more places like this. a lot of restaurants in asia have restaurant that does one thing very well and that's all they serve. well here, all they do is steak frites and its so good. its about 27 euros which includes a service fee. it comes with a salad with a yummy honey mustardy garlicky dressing and spiced baguette. they ask you how you would like your steak cooked (med rare for me) and if you would like anything to drink. we got a bottle of their red and it was delicious that even a friend who isn't a big fan of the red drank quite a bit of it. the steak comes with this yummy green sauce that i smothered everything from my bread, frites and steak in. if i had any sauce left i would smother my hand in it. it comes with pretty much an unlimited amount of frites which was fried to a perfect crisp and honestly couldn't get a much better fry.we did arrive by 7pm and by the time we left (around 8:30) there was a line out the door waiting. this place is crazy packed but we were able to miss the line.thank you cesar for this recommendation. he lived in paris for about 5 years and always came here. i will come back if i ever come back to paris. after i put a review on the other le relais restaurant, i realized it was not the right one. i actually went to this one -- le relais de venise.i have no idea of what's the difference but the other one does look similar in their menu and pics.anyway back to this one. we were here on a sunday around 12:30. there was no line up, thank god! we were seated in the second floor, oh boy the table is right next to the neighbour and it was very tight to get in! once we sat down, the waitress came and take drinks order and how we want the steak to be done .. we opt for medium. he ordered house wine and i just got evian.anyway the salad came first, it was a nice mustard dressing salad that i enjoyed a lot. it had some bits of walnut on it :)then after a short time the steak and fries came. oh my god! the fries was soooo good, it does taste a bit like mcdonald's because so thinly cut but it tasted so much better and crispier :). the steak was really soft and not chewy, and it goes so well with the sauce. after eating the first serving, we were served the second half. somehow the steak was not as tasty as the first half, not sure why, but it is still pretty good.then dessert comes :) i ordered the "second best" which is the "tower" lookalike one and he ordered the profiteroles which the waitress said it was the best one there. both are soaked and covered with very tasty chocolate ganache and i would eat another plate but just too full :)coffee was good too, i wish i can come back soon!!one star was taken off because of tight space.... this place was highly recommended by my friend who'd been to paris before and wants to make sure i got to tastes the best steak and fries in paris.we trekked out of the way to make sure we had it, me for the first time her i'd been 8 years.they don't take names once at the door you're waiting in line for a table the size of your party. that's how they call you"in party of 7,party of 2" waiting in anticipation for your turn to say "me".we waited about 45min and then we're ushered in to a tiny tight spot on the second floor, they use every sq inch to accommodate a seat as this place , they only serve steak and fries and have a huge fan base (based on the fact that the line was still going strong at 11pm)we ordered how we each would like the steak cooked, and then asked to see a wine list, the server immediately said red or white (we ordered red) this leading us to believe they served only one kind of red or white. but to our dismay the table next to us asked for a bottle of red different from what we were severed and the table next to them ordered a different red wine entirely.*note to the staff, {when ordering wines there is no language barrier} but do to our limited french we were only give a choice of either red or white.further disappointed came when they served a second helping of steak and fries (come on an empty stomach) was when i asked for a second glass of wine, finished my second helping and still had not received my second glass...waited about 20min for the server to address our table after eating and to no surprise she didn't have a glass with her.this place would have been 4 starts had it not been for these 2 issues with wine. i will be back to paris but i'll think twice about this steak and fries place, i don't think it worth the fuse it's good but not worth waiting to eat it again in paris (they do have one back home in new york). best steak and frites in paris with a very unique sauce! it was worth the wait and the experience was priceless. i don't know if second helpings or dessert was my favorite part or the meal! great experience here tonight with friends from around the world! no nonsense; no decisions, just a good time. wait your turn, order your steak, and eat until the multitude of awesome desert choices (we tried most of them). geraldine made our night with her personal attention and willingness to have some fun with us. we just followed her lead... so, thanks geraldine - we will see you in nyc someday! the only place i go to for "steak et frites". the sauce of the steak is the best part of the meal. the view from the 2nd floor also adds to the ambiance. amazing food. they only have one thing in the menu. i steak and chips but what they put on their steak is soooo good. if you are planning on going there to eat dinner, i suggest to go at least 30 min early if your are going after 7. they are open at 7 and still a line outside. this place is great, but closed all of july 2017. come back in august. you can visit the "sister" location on rue marbeuf. we love the steak frite and make sure get it " point" (medium) and not "bien cuit" (well done), you'll thank me later. also, check out the crme brule, it's yummy. very friendly and brisk service. we were not expecting to have so few choices: how you like your steak, what beverage you'd like to accompany your meal, and (if you had room left) what you'd like for dessert. but given our limited french, it was probably best! on the whole, the meal was wonderful. we don't know what was in the sauce but it was delicious. to cap off the night, we opted for the profiteroles in chocolate and left fully sated. luckily, if we crave this again in the states, there is another of these on nyc! we are still in awe that there was a line out the door for steak and frites. if you are in the mood for delicious steak and frites cooked to perfection, then this is the place! don't need to scan the menu trying to decide what to get. this is your only option and it's worth it. been here a few times and never disappoints. don't forget to treat yourself to their desserts (large portion btw). cheers this was an amazing restaurant not so much as for the food but for the experience. there was a bit of a wise but it was not so bad. it's so packed and crowded inside that the line was outside but it didn't take long to get out party of 2 in. as soon as being sat down we were given a spicy mustard like salad which was great. my partner doesn't like sauce so he didn't eat is lol which upset the waitress. then our steaks came out. the steak was cooked a perfect medium and although the sauce was good i ended up adding salt to mine. it was also a little oily but hey who cares i'm in france. i had the berry sorbet for desert which was nice and tangy. our waitress was hilarious and the house red wine was great. thefood is mediocre but the experience is wonderful! i would definitely come back had dinner here last night and it exceeded expectations! the steak was cooked perfectly and the fries..... so good! definitely served you more than enough food! and the bottle of the house red wine, perfect! the profiteroles for dessert were out of this world!! and thanks to the lovely french gentleman who was sitting next to us for sharing his yummy cherry tart!! great food, great restaurant, and great experience! oh make sure you go early cause the line does get long quick!! this has been my favorite restaurant in paris for the past 20 years. the best entrecte with their special sauce and signature salad that no one can ever duplicate. the in house red wine is very good. best place to celebrate anniversaries. be prepared there is always a long line and there is a good reason for it, the food is exceptionally delicious! best steak-fries in town. period. no reservations, just do the line around 6:30 to get a table there's something about the french that makes eating iffy for me. you get shoved in whatever space is available so they can make a sale.so this place is pretty nice at night. it's dim, intimate and looks like a place for a nice romantic date... along with every french restaurant out there. once we entered we were seated in a 2 seater that as tightly joined with another 2 seater. they had to move the table to get you into the seat then they move the table in front of you. rather then space out the tables so you can move between the tables. so that part already put a bad impression for me.next was ordering food. the menu is nothing out of the ordinary. typical french onion soup, pasta, steak, etc. i thought i'd be gutsy and order the steak tartar. i was thinking it would be some small side dish like they do in canada and you mix the yolk in the raw beef and spread it on bread. the french have it all different. i got a giant dish of raw beef with an egg. it was bigger then my typical 10 oz steak i would have. once i received it i was asked if i wanted them to prepare/mix it or i do it... based on experience i thought i'd do it. i didn't have a clue as to what i was doing with this portion. turns out there was way more beef then egg. ruined my appetite for the night.the soup and bread were very good. the staff were very kind.just be cautious of the food you order. it's been a tradition for over half a century. they don't take reservations. they won't even take your name or give you a number. there are no fancy pagers or buzzers. you stand in line to wait for your table. at any time of the day or night that they are open, whether it's rain or shine, scorching hot or freezing cold, there'll be a line. and the line can stretch around the block. we went there on a monday night at around 9:15pm and waited for about 30 - 40 minutes. not bad.there is no menu. you don't need one. everybody eats the same thing - steak frites (steak and fries). all you need to order is how well you want your steak done.there's a limited wine list but the quality was good and the prices were very reasonable. we ordered a half bottle of the house wine, which was a 2012 aoc saint-emilion, and it was a great value.our dinner started with a salad which was tossed in a light vinaigrette which we liked. it was then followed by half of our steak frites. yes, they only serve you half the steak and the other half is kept warm over a chafing fire. however, it didn't appear to work for us as our second half of the steak was not really warm at all. maybe it was just a one-time glitch.and they only serve you half the fries. when they bring you your second half of the steak, they also bring you more fresh fries. the second serving of fries for us were good - literally fresh from the fryer.the steak was tender, juicy and flavorful. their famous "secret sauce", was good but not really that great. but that is of course a personal taste, as i saw diners in neighboring tables soaking up all the sauce with bread. it was that yummy good for them!the place is crammed and tables are very close to each other and you will be seated inches from your neighbors (but this is almost the norm for many restaurants or cafes in paris). you will literally be rubbing elbows. so if you are looking for personal space to engage in an intimate conversation, you won't find it here.our server has been really wonderful. she has been super friendly, and was always wearing a big welcoming smile on her face. service has been really prompt and professional. (disclaimer: i spoke french with her so maybe that made a difference. i've read numerous reports about rude service in paris but we've never experienced that our entire week there.)overall, a solid 4-star experience and i highly recommend any paris visitors who like steak frites to give it a try. it is easily accessible and is right at the porte maillot station of the metro line 1 or rer line c. friendly english speaking waitresses. arrived just after 12 pm for lunch and was seated right away. they only serve steak and i had mine medium rare. the sauce is unique and tasty, i souped them dried with my baguette by the time i am done with my steak. portion is adequate and i was too full to have dessert. the house wine is a little bland but drinkable. overall, a pleasant lunch and by the time i left, there was already a short line outside the entrance. we were wandering one night in paris and couldn't find a place that was open and still serving food so late at night. this place was still crowded with a ton of locals and were about to close but the waitress seated us and was oh so friendly! we didn't know what to expect but there was a guy smoking out front who told us it was the best steak and they had an amazing sauce and there is always a line out the door during the daytime! sold! we sat down and there is no menu! they only serve steak and frites and your selection of drinks! we got a bottle of wine and she asked us how we liked our meat done - medium or rare! no in betweens here! none of that medium rare stuff! they were quick and served us right away! they brought steaks, which they serve half to you with frites and the other half when you're done so they stay hot! it is all cut up for you. and boy, it was delicious! it was a random find but it was one of the best meals of our trip! the steak was soft and tender and cooked perfectly! the sauce was indeed amazing! i would come back here and recommend it to everyone visiting paris! they also had the best service compared to anywhere else i've seen in paris! the ladies are so so sweet and friendly! the place is jammed packed and you may have to maneuver tables to get in and out but it was quite the experience. we all loved it! this is one of the pit stops when we are in paris... you need only make two decisions, how cooked do you want your meat and what wine to accompany it... ok three if you want dessert... in this restaurant, everyone comes there for the one thing: "the entrecte steak frites" and that is their specialty. what makes it even more special is their sauce (which is a secret family recipe). now i love fries, and their fries are deliciously thin and crispy and go oh so well with the sauce and steak, and you usually get a second serve of fries which we never turn down :) if you have room for dessert, they make a great "vacherin"one tip though: try to arrive at least 15/20 minutes before they open because their place gets packed even before it opens with people lining up early... and they only take walk ins so no reservations this restaurant might be one of my favorites in the world. i go every time i'm in paris, even if i have to wait 2 hours in the cold to be seated (they do not take reservations), it's always worth it. so good!!!!! also, sitting is really tight. i'm okay with it but it's something some people do not appreciate that much. awesome atmosphere and steak/frite. come here at late night as if you are coming in here as a couple or with a group of friend or even solo! my husband and i visited this restaurant in early september. we heard great things and we were def not disappointed with our meal! we loved it so much we came back again our last night in paris. the restaurant does not take reservations and they are extremely busy so it's best to arrive before they open if you are looking to have a 7ish dinner. we got lucky and arrived right after the first seating and got a table for 2, we quickly saw the line start for their second seating. for our second visit we weren't so lucky and had to wait an hour to be seated. dinner starts with drinks and fresh bread, followed by a delicious salad with a tasty mustard dressing. then the main course! steak frites! the meal is absolutely mouth watering, the best part is when they come around and serve you seconds :-) for dessert you have several options all of which look amazing. i think the price is reasonable for paris standards. the service we received both nights was great. can't wait to go back! this was a great experience. we waited over an hour to get in and the other waiting guest were all very friendly while waiting in the cold and the rain. the service was impeccable and it had much to do with benoite, she was our server and was absolutely amazing!! the steak was ordered as medium rare and the steak was served exactly as ordered. the frites were also cooked/ fried perfectly. the entire bill for two came to just under 90 euros and that was with salads a bottle of wine and two desserts. another plus!!! i would highly recommend this establishment while traveling to the city.... but get there early or plan to wait for hours.	1	0	1	1	1
 we were at the door for opening and we were very pleasantly greeted by the hostess. we had our reservation set up by our hotel but being first in the restaurant awarded us the best seats starring directly into the kitchen as the chefs cooked all the food. take our advice here, try to get a reservation at opening and arrive a little early, the experience of watching everyone operate was mesmerizing.the polite accommodations continued from the hostess to the cycling wait staff behind the bar who consistently checked on us. they allowed me to try and speak french without any condescension and knew exactly when i was at my limited vocabulary's end and spoke to us in perfect english. you could ever hear the passion of the servers when talking about the food with us. how they were savoring just the smell that they were delivering.as to the food, we truly have no words. we were in awe with every single morsel and feel as if we've been eating wrong for much of our lives. i won't carry on too much about what we ate because in all honesty, i can't do it justice. just know that robuchon made our trip to paris that much more amazing and we hope to one day return. this is my 2nd atelier experience, first being in las vegas. we opted for the 10 course tasting menu which also comes with bread. for us, this was a lot of food. the portions were pretty hefty for a tasty menu. we were stuffed by dish 6. they serviced full desserts as well that were delish.the only complaint for me was the level of service, it could have been better. it took a while for us to put in our order. also the menu was completely in french so we needed a translator for the menu. they do minimal substitutions. the menu is heavy on the foie which normally is a good thing but had foie for lunch so it was a bit much.overall, i like the atelier concept and the dishes were pretty good. exceptional food and service! we booked this restaurant for 2 months in advance before our trip to paris. we were so looking forward to dine at this restaurant and it was not disappointed!! there was 9-course meal and each and single course have a unique taste. by the time we were done, we are so full and could not eat the dessert. the food presentation is very unique. we had tried few 3 michelin starred restaurant and this one should considered a 3 stars as well. this was most memorable dinner for us because i got proposed here!! the staffs went out of their ways to help my fianc. i felt very very special that night and will never forget. the best dinner i've ever had in my life. i would definitely recommend friends and family if they travel to paris, they must go here for dinner! wanted to try a michelin star "gastronomy" restaurant while in paris and was recommended this place by a friend of the chef. we were greeted by the hostess who spoke perfect english and i was also impressed my their cell phone charging stations by the door for waiting guests. the design of the restaurant is a bit bizarre, but functional with two wings of bar/like seating with a separated waiting area. i wanted the full experience and this got the tasting menu. the first few courses are a salmon pate, crab with some mousse and then an egg foam. these were followed by some heavier starters of a gyoza, fois gras and scallop with truffle pasta. i wasn't a huge fan of the mousse and foams but the later starters were delicious! as for the entree you get to choose veal, lamb or quail. i got the quail which was delicious as well. for dessert there were again two courses one of an orange sorbet/cake and then chocolate. all of the dishes' presentation was amazing and server was friendly. i was very impressed by the setting and presentation. as for the flavor it was more a mix for me as i feel the flavor was not as impressive for a two michelin star restaurant would have warranted in my mind. maybe i'm just more the traditional food type. i am happy to have tried the place however and maybe will try them in other cities in the future if i get the chance. came here tonight for dinner and it was absolutely delicious. we started with a sweet light moscato, salad, eggplant mozzarella, foie gras burgers which were amazing! omg and the beef carpaccio which was some of the best i've ever had. for our main dishes we ordered the ribeye, spaghetti tomato and basil, and the chicken gyoza. don't leave out dessert they have incredible options! we ordered the cherry and chocolate and we're surprised with the coconut mango. all we're outstanding and the presentation was the best part. would totally come back 5 stars and our servers were so nice and so helpful!omg and i forgot best mashed potatoes in the world. not kidding. best i have ever ever had. incredible. i want more. outstanding. everything ok, so if i attempt to describe the meal (at joel-robuchon.com/fr), i would have to have had the writing abilities of hemingway. so now i know why there are such great writers here. it's because they ate here and had to learn how to describe the gastronomic experience with words. therefore, i can only begin to describe the dessert. la cerise simply stated, have you ever tried to eat a christmas ornament? the outside coating/texture was that of a christmas ornament ...thin and a sensation of very sharp glass when cracked with the fork, while the inside appeared to be solid, but seemed lighter than air. only to be topped off by edible gold high above the designer cherry which i did eat and judging by the check, there must have been a lot of gold that i ate. la cerise on the menu, but just ask for the omg dessert. 2016 michelin stars: 2fantastic food and presentation! the seating i was at was similar to bar seating which was a bit different than other dining establishments of similar caliber, but it was fun getting to know the couple next to me who happened to be from napa valley, just an hour or so north of where i live. having the bar seating certainly made it feel a bit more casual than what i was expecting. i must recommend the tasting menu along with the wine pairing and then you just sit back and enjoy the 2-3 hour ride! for a two michelin star world renounced restaurant, i would've expected nothing less.hubby and i were in paris celebrating our 1 year anniversary and wanted to have one nice meal on our last night in the city. coincidentally we had booked the pont royal hotel which houses this restaurant so we were in luck and were able to secure a reservation by simply asking the concierge upon check in. i had tried to make a reservation online for another restaurant while planning this trip but was unsuccessful so glad the concierge made this easy. we were seated for the 9pm seating at the bar which was relatively empty. within the next half hour though if filled up quickly with very diverse clientele. because there is a lot of bar seating, you end up overhearing conversations and feeling immersed in the current of the restaurant. the bar seating also overlooks the kitchen which is open so you see the chefs preparing the mashed potatoes and plating your food. that was pretty neat.we opted to order a la carte since the tasting menu looked overwhelming and i really wasn't that hungry. we got two starters, the ravioli and the foie gras burger. both were really good and really impressive! then our waiter suggested two main courses- the steak and the veal chops. the veal was perfection. i don't even like veal but it was so flavorful and so tender, i couldn't resist. the steak however, 67 euros, was just okay? and afterwards i wished i had ordered something more unique. ordered two glasses of wine, no dessert, damage came out to about 250 euros.the service was great but maybe not super attentive? they came to refill water and things like that, but i've come to the conclusion that perhaps the french just are not that friendly. lol. it was definitely a super splurge for us but it was worth it! first time for me at a michelin starred restaurant! we had our guides drop us at champs delysee to putz around in the shopping district after a morning in versailles and realized we needed to eat lunch. a quick search pulled up a bunch of places but this had the most stars so we walked on and they,had room for us wo a resy. seating is at a bar,like a sushi restaurant. prix fix w three levels :50 eu,60 eu,70 eu,depending on how many starters and entrees you got. baby and i had smaller menu,hubby had 60eu. vegetarian items were marked on the menu, yay since our french is still weak. amuse bouche was beautiful and delicious, cherry and tomato gazpacho w pistachios and ricotta cheese...this was a standout dish.white asparagus was appetizer for the veggies, it had drops of what looked like chocolate but tasted more like a hoisin, with tiny baby basil leaves, a sprinkling of spicy pepper flakes,and pretty little red flowers that almost looked like succulents. hubby had a masterfully prepared soft boiled egg on a bed of an aoili, covered with thin strips of crispy phyllo, surrounded by salmon roe and small cubes of cured salmon. the presentation was really cool and he said this was his best course. we had a bottle of cotes de rhone telegraph, despite wine in general being very inexpensive in general in paris ,the wine on their list was curated and none were under 50 eu,the telegraph was 125. good wine selection here but i felt unnecessarily high. entrees were lamb, a veg plate w roasted pepper sauce, and a custom dish for baby of spaghetti w a tomato basil sauce. of course the pasta is made there,of course her sauce was made to order. very nice of them to accommodate her in that way.service was 5 stars, water and wine filled immediately, bread on table and they offered butter although that was a concession to our americaness.dessert: generous wedges of three cheese for me, followed by madeleines and chocolate caramels and coffee. baby had the most interesting dish, a base of raspberry sauce covered by a cream flan type shell,filled with....basil mint sorbet. she didnt care for it,which was fine w me because i thought it was a revelation and ate most of hers haha. 300 eu before the tip, definitely worth the experience. the restaurant is beautiful, very nice decor and ambience. the food was delicious but i did expect a bit more for a 2 star michelin restaurant. it was hard for me to understand everything on the menu since its all in french which made it difficult to know exactly what to order. the staff was friendly and helpful, specially explaining the menu. all in all, it was delicious food and a great experience. loved loved this place. expected it to be over the top pricey but was surprised. as expensive as a mid tier ca restaurant but this one is michelin star. in sf or la you would literally pay 4 times for this quality of food and service.extensive and impressive wine list. great cheese options and awesome meats!! a big splurge for us! recommended by friends, we dined here on our last night in paris. walking in, we were asked where we wanted to sit, so we opted for the bar. a great place to sit and watch the chefs! the head chef came over and talked to us about the menu. honestly, we had a hard time with it since we do not speak/read french. we asked for help but it was hard to go through the entire menu. so we literally just had to guess and close our eyes an pick. they recommend 2 appetizers to share and 1 entree each. we chose:le jambon "iberico de bellota" (spanish ham)escort de pain toast  la tomatele gyosa (gyoza) la plancha, farcie de volaille, dans son bouillon au parfum d'asiela langoustine (shrimp ravioli)en ravioli truff  l'tuve de chou vertcarpaccio special- (hamachi carpaccio)le bar (white fish) la vapeur, "broccoletti" et croquant au th vert, palourde au corail rosele buf (beef filet)la noix d'entrecte "dry aged"  la plancha et ses pommes grenailles confiteseverything above was amazing and so delish. i had to eat slow to savor everything. i preferred the appetizers over the entrees. however, it was a special treat so we had to indulge in everything. for dessert we chose the souffl. the first one they brought out wasn't cooked right. they told us that the dessert chef had another one on its way, but for some reason they still gave us the first one. half way in, the second one came and that was cooked correctly and it was amazing! worth it. the meal was about $600 usd including 2 glasses of champagne and a bottle of wine. a big treat but worth the splurge! great food, nice ambiance, nice decor with the open kitchen and seats at the counter. awful reception, both in person and over the phone. too bad. so disappointed. my husband and i are huge foodies. been in the industry for years. the food was so overrated for what you are getting. we ordered 6 dishes. quail, black cod, lamb chops and a weird foie steamed cabbage dish. the portions were ridiculously small. i mean hilariously small. the service was horrible. we are going on 34 mins and counting waiting for our bill. i'm literally sitting in the restaurant waiting still. the black cod dish was so over seasoned i had to add cold still water to make it palatable. the lamb chops could receive the guinnes book of world records for smallest lamb ever slaughtered. i can't really think of anything that was worth this experience except that it's our honeymoon and we felt out of novelty to come here. my advice: stick with bistros. you can't have a bad meal here in paris but for a 1/4 of the price you can have a much better meal. let me preface my thoughts by saying i was extremely excited to visit this place. a local sommelier got my wife and i a table last minute on the same day for 9pm. waitingour table was not ready until 9:30 (half hour late) and when you're already hungry, waiting longer sort of kind of disintegrates the joyful anticipation of a meal. seatingwe were seated at the two worst chairs in the entire restaurant. all the seating here is at bars located around the restaurant, and we were seated at a bar which faced a wall. we weren't sitting across a table looking at each other, we were sitting side by side looking at a wall together. strange. waiting some more....we waited 15 minutes before being approached with water or menus. after receiving the menus and wine list we waited another 10 minutes before deciding to get up and leave. as we got up to leave for another restaurant we were approached by our waiter christoph who asked us to stay.the pendulum swings...sort ofchristoph brought us appetizers and champagne. he also moved us to better seating which faced the interior kitchen (amazing) and got us started on the 10 course tasting menu. we ordered a 2004 chateau hosanna pomerol from the local sommelier (benjamin) and it looked like our evening was destined for glory. the unfortunate weight of glory...aka heavy foodwhat can i say about the food? it looks incredible but it tastes normal. out of the 10 dishes maybe 2 stood out as exceptional. the food overall is heavy and filling. i say this with experience as i've had meadowoods 20 course tasting menu and they achieved balance and beauty with each dish without leaving me full. jol's restaurant had us full by dish #3. decrescendoour tab was 750 for two of us plus the wine and we both left saying "ehhh." we had french food down the street the night prior for 80 that was life changing. robuchon's food was forgettable. the wine was exceptional. the service was average. won't be visiting again but i wish the best to christoph and benjamin for making us feel welcomed and loved! amazing restaurant! the food is light and tasty and perfect size portions to fill you up with an entree and main. the chef brought us two compliment dishes to start with a plate of fine carpaccio and some crunchy fried peppers. for entree a tuna and avocado dish with olive tapenade for main the john dory fish with sauted onions. came with amazing potatoe pure on the side was too full for desserti don't usually enough french food restaurants as i feel the food is too heavy but this was the perfect meal the waiters are immaculate and made a very pleasant experience sat around a bar, interesting seating. gave it a 3 because i had much higher expectations of a flagship joel robuchon. service was lack luster and the food was uninspired even prices were in keeping with a michelin star restaurant we had a 8:30 reservation and didn't get seated until 10:15. hungry and frustrated, we sit down to eat and see the menu is only in french. we try to ask a waiter to explain it to us but he briefly goes over a small portion of the menu. not worth it. la caillecaramelized quail stuffed with foie gras, truffled mashed potatoesfor my main, i went with the quail, stuffed with foie of course. the quail was cooked perfectly - tender, with a lightly crisp skin that tasted like sweet bbq. the richness of the bird was only heightened with the famous pommes puree.velvety, creamy, and buttery to the nth degree, the two gossamer-thin slivers of black truffle brought it over the top. the accompanying greens did their best to provide the counterbalance, but truly, there was no getting past the richness of the dish. l'agneau de lait lamb, thyme, mashed potatoesthe gf had ordered the steak for her main, but the kitchen mistakenly sent out the lamb. this misstep was redeemed when they quickly fired the steak and asked that we still try the lamb. this was obviously ideal pour moi as we were able to try all three mains! the lamb was grassy and sweet, served with roasted garlic and some more of that heavenly pommes puree.le black angusgrilled black angus steak, shallot confit, black cardamom and tarragon sauce the gf's beef was well seasoned, though a bit on the chewier side. it came with some roasted potatoes and sweetly rich shallot confit. frankly, the quail and lamb were much better.famous mashed potatoesand with the mains served, the kitchen decided to send out an entire pot of the mashed potatoes to enjoy. i hear it's a 2:1 ratio of butter to potato so it's no wonder that each bite sent me into a delirious joy that even paula deen would be envious of.la parfum des iles scent of the islands, cream with passion fruit and banana, rum granita, coconut and with that, the gf's favorite part of any meal commenced. truly a perfumed explosion on the olfactory senses, the rum was heady underneath, but mixed with the granite and passion fruit cream, it was a delicious melange. texturally interesting with hard gold chocolate candy and sugar tuiles, the tart flavors of the passionfruit shone through each bite.le chocolat tentationchocolate temptation, chocolate ganache, aranguani cocoa nibs, oreo cookie gorgeously decorated, the chocolate ganache was sweet, rich, and offered a nice close to the meal. the oreo crumble within offered texture, and a hard chocolate candy sat atop the circular sugar cover. mignardises chocolate caramels and with that came the check and a plate of mignardises - creamy, salty, and buttery housemade caramels.l'atelier de joel robuchon: st. germain met our expectations for a 2 star restaurant. the courses were beautifully plated and the flavors were clearly thought through. service was excellent, though at times, wine or water glasses were empty. it's not a 3 star experience like chef robuchon's eponymous joel robuchon in vegas or chef alain passard's l'arpege, which we also visited on this particular trip. but that's ok. l'atelier de joel robuchon: st. germain is a workshop in the best sense and a wonderful experience to peek inside the mind of a master chef. open kitchen restaurant/bar with amazing food, service, and modern decor. perfect place for a light bite either for lunch/dinner. great presentation, great portion size ( not too big), and delicious flavor. we came for lunch and we were served with friendly staff and the right amount of food. we left the establishment very content. oh dear -- it's time to update this review, because someone just found my old one useful and my old one is drastically out of date.not only is this no longer the best food in the world, it's one of the most disappointing meals you'll ever have. i don't know what's happened here, but the quality has nose-dived over the years. those of you who ate here circa 2009-ish will not recognize the food now. it's reductive & derivative (trying way too hard to copy jose andres, and not doing a very good job), over salted, over-sweetened, drowning in sauce, and in some cases (the beef, specifically) just plain tough and chewy and bad.the people giving this place four or five stars don't really know food, obviously. the excellent service is what you'd expect (and are paying for), so possibly this explains the generic excitement. but it's not difficult to find an excellent meal in france at a third the price, especially in this neighborhood (try semilla on rue de seine).so: do yourself an enormous favor and skip this one. they need to close and completely retool. they're resting on reputation, and the very idea that i spent $400 on my most recent crushing disappointment of a meal at l'atelier just makes me cringe.(that said: the desserts were terrific. the pastry chef is only the one there paying attention, apparently.) great meal at this legend's restaurant in sainte-germaine. not sure why it has two stars. it's delicious but not innovative or particularly unique. the bread, from eric kayser, was great. i had the sweetbreads to start which were excellent. i then had the lamb chops. very nice and very fatty. we got sides of mashed potatoes which were buttery and excellent. for dessert we had a chocolate mousse which i enjoyed a lot. great restaurant. casual atmosphere. but don't expect a grandiose 2 star meal. probably and singlehandedly the best restaurant i have ever been to. also one of the most expensive. being a 2 michelin star restaurant it is expected.with locations in paris and many others around the world, it was a must-visit when visiting paris.once you enter in you get guided to a nice intimate and modern looking room. the room hangs a large flat screen showing the chefs prepping meals. you must reserve seating when coming to robuchon. try your best to sit by the bar as you get first eye view of the chefs doing what they do best.i can go all day with what to order but one things for sure, order the mash potatoes. it sounds simple but you will realize it is something you have never tried before. you will be screaming for more.i ordered a bunch of appetizers along with a main and it was more then enough. the seared foie gras was amazing and cooked perfectly. the clams were mouth watering and very fresh.don't take your time booking this place. do it right away and far ahead as its hard to get seating. my bff and i's first meal in paris and it was highly enjoyable :)the presentation of all the dishes was great and the langoustine ravioli is a must get! loved the complimentary mashed potatoes... i ate my whole bowl and wasn't even guilty because it was so good. we were so lucky to be able to get seated without a reservation, though we did have to wait a while. 2 michelin star restaurant. make sure to make a reservation well in advance as this place fills up fast. the interior is similar to a sushi restaurant where everyone sits around a sushi bar. make sure you arrive at 6:15 or earlier for when the doors open at 6:30 so that you can choose your the best seats. the kitchen is completely open so that you can see everything that goes on in the kitchen which is super cool.seeing how i got food poisoning the night before, i wasn't really in the mood to eat but i couldn't turn down the chance of eating here. i decided to get the a la carte menu as a tasting menu would have filled me up too much and i doubt i would have been able to keep it all in. instead, i started with the hamburger sliders topped with a generous size of foie gras. these were delicious. for the main course, i settled on their spaghetti in a tomato sauce. i thought that there would have been something special with this but it was just a regular spaghetti with tomato sauce which was kind of disappointing. my mom and sister had gotten a truffle spaghetti the last time they were here but unfortunately, they didn't have any truffles this time around. the reason why this doesn't get 5 stars is due to a couple of reasons. first, the spaghetti was unoriginal and i could have gotten something similar at a non 2 michelin star restaurant. second, they don't open the doors until 6:30 ish (they didn't open until 6:40 when we went) and they make everyone wait outside in a line until the doors open. thank goodness it was nice outside because if it was raining or snowing or cold, it would have been terrible. they don't really have a big entrance but come on, at least let the people inside so that they don't have to wait outside. third, our server was a bit rude to us. would i come back again, maybe. there are a lot of restaurants in paris that i want to try out again. i already went to l'arpege but whenever i come back, i definitely want to go back there again. i just don't feel the same about l'atelier joel robuchon. this place is an absolute top notch world class dining establishment. i can honestly say that the dining experience of this particular robuchon location is top notch and unlike any of the other locations worldwide. if you want to experience joel robuchon, do yourself a favor and come to the saint germain location as there is just something super classy and unique about this location, even when compared to the other paris location, las vegas and tokyo respective locations. this is pretty much the flagship location and it couldn't of been any better... first off, bring your wallet and make sure you experience the tasting menu, it is a wonderfully prepared 10 course experience that you'll enjoy from dish #1 all the way through the dessert. a 10 course meal runs you 179 and will likely run you about 300 per person as you add champagne/wine and other cocktails, pricey i know but oh so worth it.... overall, the restaurant is modern and chic with a perfect view of the chefs in the kitchen. you'll soon find yourself gazing into perfection, then the perfection is presented in front of you and you take a bite and are in absolute nostalgia. literally, every single dish was unique, creative and absolutely delicious. a big shout out goes to the lamb chops, thos lamb chops are amazing and exactly what dreams are made of.... omg!this place literally spares no detail and is prepared to ensure you of the finest finest experience while in paris and they succeed in nearly all facets of the restaurant business. overall, i would highly recommend exploring the robuchon menu at this location as it's likely an experience you will never forget. pros-foodpresentationmenu service eclectic menu dining options locationsubstantial wine menu 10 course dining modernly appointed views watching the chefs attention to detail classy champagne menu cons-pricey is this a five star restaurant? it didn't feel like it. am i too spoiled from sf? the food all tasted not bad i guess. here are reasons why this place does not deserve any michelin stars. 1. the air conditioning was dripping water. the only thing they can do is turn the air conditioning off, which then become super hot in this august paris date. it dripped directly on my dad's chair, head, shirt: and they did not think once to change our seats. even after us telling them multiple times. that is just disgusting. what kind of two star would do this? not even hole in the walls. they would at least try to accommodate a change of seat. 2. they served the wrong plate of steak to me and my mom. and when i told them, they just switched our plates without being apologizing. what if this is not my mom and i do care about her saliva. i guess that did not matter to them. 3. i got the steak instead of lamb in the 12 course chef's choice. the steak was extremely hard to cut. i literally broke a sweet. it's because the knife given looked exactly like the butter knife from the butter plate. 4. the 10th course which is i assume mash potatoes (i guess this is a course), was so buttery i almost threw up. it was like drinking papa john's butter sauce in the delivery pizza. 5. i had the ask the waiter three times to refill our water. maybe this is a paris thing? to promote more wine drinking? but i didn't like having to ask a third time, cuz i thought this is a nice fancy restaurant. 6. the waiter drip red wine on the butter for the bread (which we had to ask for when the bread came out), instead of replacing the butter, the waiter just pretend it didn't happen. even though i know he saw it and there is an obvious strip of red on the butter. 7. various other thing: caviar was extremely salty, fois gras too oily (could only eat one bite and usually i'm not a picky eater), the cod was overdone (i made a microwave cod ones that's more tender)overall, not worth it. and i'm wondering why it has any michelin stars at all. two michelin star restaurant, l'atelier joel robuchon, paris. art at its perfection. l'atelier joel robuchon defines the art in cuisine and michelin starred restaurants. i can proudly say whether its 2 star or 3 star, joel robuchon restaurants remain as my favorite michelin starred restaurant outside of local japanese michelin starred restaurants.the quality of ingredients, level of the chef, work, art, it just flows like nature. i would not mind eating here for lunch everyday if i lived near by.i have also had joel robuchon in hongkong (twice), the vibe and atmosphere was completely different. the one in hongkong is more serious, elegant and delicate as ever.5 rue de montalembert paris location feels more comfortable and elegant. just so natural but yet complex and elegant vibe.the food was mind blowing to taste, smell, look... the l'atelier joel robuchon, paris will not disappointed even the most picky eaters. the best meal of my life! i had the tasting menu and my wife had three courses. the waiter was a bit pushy, trying to get me to build my own tasting (much more expensive), but i can say no pretty easily. the only thing keeping it from being perfect was the waiter's disregard to my chocolate allergy and refusal to adjust one of the dessert courses. if i'm paying $300 for my meal alone, do as i ask. maybe this is the difference between 2-stars and 3-stars. despite that, we'll be back! what can be more exciting to dine at robuchon in paris! my bestie and i traveled to paris 9/2013 and stayed in st germaine so this wonderful restaurant was at a walking distance. we made last minute reservations so we received a seat away from the middle main bar with the chefs but were quickly upgraded to it which was a big plus to the whole experience!i have enjoyed every single dish, every single bite of the tasting menu to the dessert and i talked about the lamb chop here for over a year. i don't eat lamb or like it- i was sucking on the bone.. it was that delicious!!! if you're the type of person who is willing to spend $$$$ for a high quality tasting experience, i highly recommend it. however there are superb restaurants in paris that are less expensive than robuchon.	0	0	0	0	0
 this is a wonderful spot for lunch or dinner near the eiffel tower on rue saint dominique . the lines are normally long but we ate at an off hour, around 6:30 so there was little wait and we got an outdoor table sheltered from the drizzle. i will say, the restaurant is quite small and cramped, so i recommend seating outdoors or not at all.the chef is world class, so you can't really go wrong on the menu. i recommend the daily special if one is offered. be sure to leave room for the profiteroles! after an early supper in this relaxing atmosphere you can stroll over to the eiffel tower and enjoy the night lights. homey and high value (i.e. reasonable price) meal when you do not want to sit 2 hours for a meal.steak delicious and good quality meat.pate - lovelyfish - very good.desserts (multiple) - good. our first night in paris. it is cold and raining. cafe' constant was recommended to us by a local. warm beef stew, great wine and cocktails, incredible desserts! the service was top-notch. the table was a little wobbly, but nothing was as nice as sitting at that wobbly table with my wife, watching the rain and drinking incredible coffee. we absolutely loved this place. it was warm and cozy inside and the bartender was the nicest man. this is a good jumpng off point for americans looking for good parisian cusine without pretention. the menu is varied, and the dishes are more contemporary french cusine instead of the 20 year old dishes you might be expecting. the chef obviously cares a great deal about his menu and every dish we had was perfectly prepared. no reservations here, so be prepared to wait. we arrived at around 6:30 pm hoping that we would be on the earlier side of the dinner rush since europeans tend to eat a lot later than americans (8-9ish). when we got there there were about four parties on the waiting list and they told us it would be around a 40 minute wait. there are some other restaurants and sites to see on the same street so you can wander a little bit as long as you're back before they call your name. for a family of six there wasn't a lot of room on the curb or the sidewalk to stand and wait 40 minutes since it was busy and the sidewalks. in paris, the sidewalk tends to be smaller than what we are used to in america. throughout our entire trip my family was always awkwardly trying to get out of the way of everyone on the sidewalk as we stopped to look in shops, read menus or wait for seating at a restaurant. true to their word we were seated in 40 minutes and we were upstairs which gave us a nice view of the street. we decided to do the pre-fix menu which included a appetizer, entre, dessert for around 45. we all tried to order different things so that we could sample from each other's plate i thought that the food here was quite good and enjoyed pretty much everything that my family ordered. i personally got the chicken which was cooked very well. i also liked the stew, and the rabbit and duck pie. the house wine was dirt cheap (3 euro?) but tasted like a $10 bottle in america. also did not like the sangria, a bit watery and no fruit or spice flavor to it.i found that one of the best things to do here was just ask for the recommendation of the waiter and everything he suggested and said was most popular truly tasted good and i've seen a lot of the pictures also on yelp. worth the wait, would be happy to dine here again! sacre bleu, i had lunch here on my last day in paris, and it was probably the best meal of the trip! there are no reservations and the place is bumpin' busy, even at 2:00pm for lunch. there's a constant line of people waiting for a table, and it can feel a little cramped/claustrophobic as the restaurant is pretty tiny. we were fine with sitting at the bar and watching the waiters bustle about. even though they were harried, the waiters were very pleasant to the english speakers, which was surprising for a more french establishment. the food is so, so, so so good. i splurged heavily on a formule lunch exclusively for myself consisting of the terrine, boeuf bourguignon, and profiteroles with thick black gold chocolate sauce decadently poured over. holy god, i could have died then and there a wholly complete and satisfactory life. it's a must and within walking distance from la tour eiffel, but in a more low-key charming neighborhood. my friends and i came here based on reviews and it didn't disappoint. as soon as we sat down, a line up started outside.there is no prix fix courses for dinner. a good selections for appetizers and mains. i also liked how a note is added to the menu to indicate all dishes are homemade. it's not the first time i've seen this on menus in paris. we all enjoyed the dishes we ordered; my friend's poached cod was accompanied with cooked fresh looking veggies and my other friend enjoyed the duck a lot. i really enjoyed my veal cordon bleu, it's usually served with spaghetti bolognese or tomato sauce but i liked the pesto sauce instead. it didn't feel as heavy, i even had room for desserts after! on our last day in paris, we wanted to keep our schedule as flexible as possible. we had no official plans, no set reservations, etc. we knew we wanted to be neat the eiffel tower that evening to see the lights, but otherwise, didn't know where to go for dinner. we did a quick search online and based on some reviews, decided to try cafe constant. we are so happy that we did. this was one of our favorite meals in paris.we actually visited relatively early, around 6:30-7:00pm, and were seated quickly. at the time, we were one of two tables, but it filled up quickly. the waitstaff were all very nice, english speaking, and provided an english menu. but i do recommend to keep in mind that there is a significantly more laid back culture here, and the idea of personal space is not the same as it is in america. this is not something that bothers my husband or me, but we did notice several people complaining either under their breath or being outright rude to the staff. sit back and enjoy your dinner and the ambiance, and just relax.we really enjoyed the foie gras appetizer; it was one of the best we had while visiting. we split several of their smaller dishes as well, and recommend trying something off the chef's specials menu, as its a selection of items using the freshest ingredients. we ended the night we profiteroles, and i am drooling just thinking about them! delicious restaurant! there was only like a 15 minute wait on a sunday night. the restaurant is super tiny and there is also an upstairs area. the food came with the most delicious baguette we've had in paris and they kept refilling it too! for dinner i got the poached cod. it was very tasty and came with a variety of vegetables. the food wasn't overly expensive, it was a good stop i would recommend it! hands down, probably one of the worst meals i've ever eaten.we went here after seeing the yelp reviews and a recommendation from rick steves. my wife and i are both seriously questioning his pallet.i had beef with mashed potatoes and she had pork loin with lentils. i must say first that the other comments about a long line are absolutely true, but our service was great. we waited about a half hour in cold weather, but it didn't feel unreasonably long. the staff was very friendly, and we received quality service. there were no long waits for food, even though the restaurant was completely full. the meat each of us had was average at best. my beef was sliced and served with a fresh chimichurri-style tapenade. the mashed potatoes, however, were almost certainly instant potatoes from a box...the worst. they had zero seasoning. no butter. no salt. just instant potatoes. disgusting. my wife's pork wasted likewise fine, unremarkable. the lentils with potatoes and carrots, however, were terrible. a mush of indistinguishable brown, if you will. again, no seasoning, no salt, awful. our bill was over 100 for this nonsense. while we ate, we'd been seated upstairs near a cabinet of flatware, waiters constantly bumped into us and stood next to us to put away and polish dishes. there is no discernible reason for the cabinet to be in the corner, either. just a bad decision.anyway, we are severely disappointed and somewhat shocked the this restaurant has the ratings that it does. we just feel bad for those who end up eating here based on the reviews like we did. there are so many better places to eat, especially in this neighborhood, than christian constant's restaurants. nice cafe on rue saint dominique. we came here late and they were still serving which was nice. the servers were pleasant and they spoke english.  they gave some recommendations.i had the seafood tartare which was not bad. fish seemed fresh enough. all told though, something seemed missing.i then had the fish of the day. this was prepared nicely and was quite appetizing. dessert was the tops. the profiteroles were pretty awesome.bill was reasonable for paris.not a bad spot for a bite! when you eat at the restaurant of a celebrity chef in one of the food capitals of the world, it's not unreasonable to have huge expectations. this was our first meal in paris, and it was the worst meal we had, not just in paris, but during our entire trip. it's not that the food was, in general, horrible. it's that for the name over the door and the price we paid, we expected something exceptional. what we got was unremarkable at best, and some aspects were mediocre. my husband and i both started with the french onion soup. taste and presentation were average. the wonderful thing is that the toasted bread topper stayed toasty and crunchy rather than turning soggy. my husband had the steak, which came with a side of mashed potatoes. the steak was well cooked and seasoned, with a nice fresh cimmichurri sauce on top. the potatoes were inedible; they tasted like they came from a box. i had the pork loin with lentils, which had carrots and foie gras. the pork was, again, cooked well, if unexceptionally. the lentils were awful. the foie gras was indiscernible and the carrots were cooked until they were mush. the overall presentation of the plate was unappetizing, as it was just a mass of brown food. we each had a glass of bordeaux, which was fine. i will say that the service was very good. we didn't wait long for anything once we were seated and the wait staff was attentive. however, we were seated in a corner near a cabinet where the wait staff would go to put away or get fresh glasses, and they kept bumping into my husband every time they walked by. there are so many amazing places to eat in paris, and in our opinion, this isn't one of them. again, it's not that it's horrible. it just isn't great, and it should be. very quick service. not really a breakfast place but we stopped in after visiting the eiffel tower at sunrise and really wanted to get breakfast. there wasn't a wall lined with pastries like we thought there might be, but we sat down and ordered a cafe au lait each. truly is the best cafe au lait au husband or i have ever had in our entire lives! my husband ordered a second one because it was so delicious :) came back on a saturday around 230 pm. got seated quickly and i ordered the steak plat, which surprisingly came out in less than 10 min..my dish was not warm at all, and when i tried the meat, it was cold. cold. it was as if the dish had been sitting there before i had even ordered it.i asked the waitress if this was normal, and she immediately came back with another dish which tasted much better. even the presentation was better. even though the first dish was not good, cafe constant made up for it with the replacement and amazing profiteroles i had for dessert. so still, 5 stars for my favorite restaurant in paris!! we came here due to a friends recommendation and we couldn't be more happy! the place is very decently priced and the lunch special is an excellent way to dip your feet into french cuisine.it's 17 euro for the starter and main or the main and desert of the day (check the blackboard or ask your waiter to explain in english!) and 24 euros for all three. this is a great deal because if you ordered all three separately it would almost be 40 euros! i ordered the special while my husband ordered the oyster and the blonde steak.mine was a lamb chop and it came quite flavorful with arugula salad and a mini shepherd pie. but the one thing you have to order is the oyster! it's a mix of oyster and salmon and caviar and it's to die for!! our shared dessert was the creme brle and here the brle is more of a pudding and not the traditional cream like texture i'm used to back in the states.overall, i'll come back next time i visit paris! on last friday- we had went and had seen this placed packed and decided to get a try.we had a reasonably priced lunch here. super crowded with mixed of locals & tourists. the service was a bit slow- due to there being one server for the ground floor- add more servers. the meals was well prepared but lacked some seasoning. very good salmon and free range chicken! service is excellent! would eat here again! the servers were great at explaining the dishes and made you feel welcome. the dishes were very tasty and light. came here for lunch today after finding this place on yelp. we approached the restaurant, and it was super crowded. they tried to make us sit in a table with one seat under the staircase, which was super awkward and uncomfortable. when we moved to the next table, they told us we had to get up, because that table was for someone else and to look upstairs to see if there was a table. when we got upstairs, someone sat us at a table then another guy comes up and tells us those tables are taken and to wait downstairs. okay, super annoying. i ready to leave at that point, but decided to stick it out, since there were so many people upstairs and downstairs, and i wanted to see what the hype was about. service was super slow, so i'm mainly deducting a star for that. the food was great. we had the crab and potato salad starter (11.50 euros), and we were amazed by the presentation and flavors of this dish. please see my pic to see what i'm talking about. next, we had the grilled fish on top on risotto with mushroom (17 euros) and the steak and mashed potatoes (17 euros). the fish was amazing as was the risotto, i would totally order this dish again. the steak was flavorful but very chewy although the potatoes were very good. i don't think i would order that again. total of about 45 euros for lunch for two. no reservations are accepted, so i came after the dinner rush after 9pm hoping to get a table. it was still busy. there were 2 tables open. one cramped under the stairs and one upstairs. upstairs was so hot (the kitchen is up there). i wouldn't have been able to enjoy my meal. i expect the tables to be close together, but i would've had to almost crawl over someone to get into the table. i opted for the terribly awkward under the stairs one. the bartender was really friendly. he was quite cheerful. our waiter was efficient, but we felt like he saw us as a burden. at some point he left for the night and a new waiter took over who seemed to actually like his job. the food was excellent. i had the beef stew which had fantastic depths of flavors. i never thought that was possible with such a simple dish. it was a ton of meat though. i would've liked a few more carrots. it was very filling and i enjoyed dipping the bread in the thick gravy-like stew. the presentation was beautiful on my husband's poached fish. it was very tender and not the least bit dry. there was a decent (although a little expensive) wine list and we had a fantastic red to go along with our dinner. the place is so popular. new people kept arriving all the way until we left which was near closing. although i enjoyed the food, i felt like the prices were a little steep. i don't think i'd return, but it's definitely somewhere to try at least once. quick service. i liked the artichoke salad, but beef cordon blue was like cafeteria food.i don't know if this place is in a korean & american guide book, but there were many korean people (about 5 tables out of about 12 tables upstairs), then the rest was american tables including mine and including an obnoxiously loud older american lady, and also 1 french speaking table. as i was leaving the restaurant there were many korean people in line waiting to get in.we ordered 1 entre(appetizer) and 2 plats(main dishes). only received 1 of each, and i had to wait for my plat. i ordered a glass of port wine and it tasted spicy!!!!! i am asian, and this drink was spicy for me. i assumed the bottle was opened a while ago. one uni-sex bathroom for the entire restaurant and the line got quite ridiculous at one point. i do not recommend this restaurant!!!!! amazing mashed potatoes and sausage plate but everything else was just only ok. we had the steak and mashed potatoes, deviled eggs, french onion soup, and sausage with mashed potatoes. the sausage was homemade and very delicious. definitely recommend. i have been here twice, once on a recommendation from a friend and then i took my dad here. these two meals were the best two meals of my life. ever. their food is made with such compassion and attention to detail and every flavor contributes to the dish. i highly recommend going for lunch and doing the prix fixe menu. you don't choose anything for the lunch of the day, it's just the appetizer and meal or meal and dessert for 18 (or all 3 for 26), but i can't imagine them making anything that's not spectacular. if you can get the profiteroles, get the profiteroles. they were life changing (they even let you pour the chocolate on yourself which was a nice touch). the restaurant itself is a little tight, so if you need a lot of space to eat, this might not be for you, but it was definitely worth it in my eyes. found the place on yelp and gave it a try while in the eiffel tower neighbourhood. we were looking for a classic french place and this place seemed like the right fit. we ordered the french onion soup, the foie gras, and 2 mains. to be honest, the mains were not that memorable. the soup and the foie gras were really good, and basically earned the stars on their own. it was my first time having french onion soup in france, and i must say it is much better than the ones in canada (duh). service was fast and friendly. everyone working there seemed to have a good sense of humour. one note regarding the washroom - there's only one! expect a lineup! i love this place so much!!! tonight was the second time we ate there this week.  i had the fresh artichoke and mushroom salad both days. i ove artichokes, there were so many in the salad. i've ordered the free range chicken and the cod. both were mouthwatering! my husband had the chicken one night and the stew tonight. our waiter was a jose. ask for him, he's so sweet and accommodating. i have celiac disease and he made sure everything was gluten free. i can't recommend cafe constant enough!!! excellent. one of the best meals i've ever had. while walking around the eiffel tower, looking for a place to eat dinner, we found caf constant. even though it was very crowded we decided to try it, at 1st we though we had a long wait, but they got us a table in under 15 minute. the food was outstanding. i recommend the duck and potatoes! there were 3 people in our party so i got to try some of the other dishes,each was amazing. the staff was attentive and friendly, and eager to help those of us that struggle with french. although it's a small space,and can get very crowded, it didn't effect the enjoyment of our meal.if you're near the eiffel tower stop by, you won't be disappointed. service here is a little slow, but the food seems pretty good. i tried the chicken, but some of my work friends had the cordon blue. the cordon bleu looked better than the chicken.regardless the dessert was s wow, i feel lucky to have run into this place. had the foie gras and then the soft boiled egg dish. both great! bread was fresh! had the veal cordon bleu as well. not as good as the foie gras and egg dishes, but still tasty. service was decent and the waiters were helpful. i'd definitely come back again! i am in search of michelin rated restaurants and found this little gem on my way back from the eiffel tower. 24e price fix lunch that will rock your world. add the oyster dish as a starter and you won't be disappointed. simply incredible! arrived in paris with three hungry and tired teens, the wife had read reviews and this place was suggested. the place was packed but they got us in quick. the food was fantastic. the chicken dish was outstanding, my son called it the best chicken he'd ever eaten (slight blow to my ego as previously that title was held by my "signature" chicken dish. the pork dish my daughter ate was delicious and my steak was great (for french beof). service was excellent and bilingual. the atmosphere was upscale but casual. i hope we find the time to make it back. magnifique! all of the recent reviews here are absolutely right. the food here is nothing spectacular and the service is a bit slow. you will be packed in here like sardines and will basically be dining with your neighbors...we did make some australian friends that day :) any way, there's really no need for me to comment on the food but to recommend you to find another place. this cafe' has been riding on hype and i believe it's finally catching up with them. 2 stars. we had the steak and cod. the steak was very well seasoned and cooked perfectly. and completely blown away with the mashed potatoes. the cod dish and finished it off with the apple tart with ice cream. so so good. seriously a very tasty meal and well worth the wait.	0	0	0	0	1
 unparalleled client oriented staff! amazing food and decor. a definite must and repeat while in paris with wifey or kidsmeeeeeerci!! our party was split on what we wanted for dinner, so we split up for dinner! after ensuring the others found their ramen shop, i walked a few more blocks to gambino. it is just a half block or so off avenue de l'opera, but the streets branch so a map-app will help.i arrived around 6:30 p.m. on a saturday. they were getting crowded but had tables available. i was seated promptly and my server was friendly. i think i ordered a tortellini dish and finished it; good quality. their wine was good and not overpriced. the interior vibe is more 'bar' than 'french cafe' or 'italian', but i wasn't that concerned about vibe.if you're in the area, this is a good choice for a quick pasta. first off, i'm going to start by saying that the staff here is so nice and attentive. had amazing service from the time we walked in the door until we walked back out. the food is a bit pricey, but depending on what you order, like the pizza, you get a lot and it's worth it. my husband ordered one of their pizzas (the salumeria) and he could only eat half of it because it was so large. it was also loaded with toppings as well and tasted great. for myself, i went for the squid ink pasta with scallops since i had been dying to try squid ink pasta and this was my first time seeing it on the menu anywhere. absolutely loved it and the flavor (a bit salty with olive oil and a bit of a seafood type taste), however if you think you may be turned off by eating black pasta then maybe avoid this one. also got the house red wine and it was a great pour, definitely worth the 6. if you value quantity, decency and low price over high quality then gambino is your place. the food was prepared quickly and the portions were huge. however, the quality of the ingredients were adequate but lacking for yours truly because i prefer to pay-up for imberico jambon rather than consume domestic (us) prosciutto. we ordered a couple of different meat infused salads that when they came out looked alike. we also ordered the pasta carbonara to split. all three dishes were huge and each could easily be split by three. this was a dead giveaway that this was a quantity over quality place (i'll explain below why). when the pasta 'carbonara' arrived the sauce was thick and tantamount to an out of the jar alfredo, with large ham morsels thrown in. taste was ok but it most certainly was not a quality carbonara. price to quality dilemma: folks, restaurants are businesses that need to make a profit. if a restaurant is offering a premium costly product like seafood or meats at a very low price, do you think they are providing you with quality products? i know that there those that may say that the establishment may be making its money on the beverages etc etc etc but the general rule of thumb still holds true that if you are receiving an unusual amount of prosciouto and other expensive meats--as was the case with gambino--but are paying 12 euros, the quality of the meats is going to be low. and, it was.the waitress suggested a great tasting $35 euro red wine. bargain you say? not when a quick search on vivino revealed that the retail price for the wine as around $6. i believe this is the single biggest markup of wine at a restaurant that i've ever paid. i also believe this is the single greatest wine value if i can get my hands on some of this wine back in the states. gambino becomes busy with bargain seekers of food and experience. i, on the other hand, prefer a bespoke dining experience; especially in paris. so in closing this is a great place for budget conscious diners with strong stomachs. while traveling from texas on vacation, my girlfriend and i found this place on yelp. such a great find, and the interior was gorgeous. the staff was amazing and our waiter (elliot) was so darn handsome. perfect amount of attention to our table and he was so sweet. we had the veal and some mozzarella sticks. they also bring out fresh bread which was on point. hope i get to visit this place again one day. would highly recommend. huge portions, friendly funny service, great ambiance. did not expect super italian food in paris, and hoped against hope they'd have my beloved squid-ink pasta. . . they had it, it was bomb. like, as good as i had in venice and remembered fondly for years. hubby enjoyed his meaty-meaty-pizza he doused in the chili oil they leave on the table, and i was thrilled to have my linoncello at citron glac dessert i've discovered here in france.great italian food, reasonable prices, great service. what more can you want in a meal? this was hands down our favorite meal of the trip. we opted for the casa pizza and the tortellini with ham, asparagus and truffles and both dishes were simply amazing. you could have told me someone's grandmother was hand making everything and, i would have believed you. having experienced how good the main dishes were, we had to opt for dessert. we decided on the chocolate cake and, it was magical. my husband i i literally gorged ourselves as the food was too good to waste. the staff was warm, friendly, and spoke perfect english. if you have an craving for italian food in paris, this place is a must. this place is amazing!! they had some of the best fried mozzarella ever, instead of a tomato sauce they serve it with marinated tomatoes. the margherita pizza was awesome!!! the atmosphere was great and the staff friendly and they spoke perfect english. we had a half bottle of their house ros which was delicious and want to go back and try their nutella tiramisu!! sorry to say, but this place was bad. they had the most rude and arrogant waitress we've ever stumbled up on till this day. from the moment we sat down she just had to have the worst attitude ever. it started with my wife asking about the menu and if they had any specialties and what was here favorites etc. seems kind of normal right?! apparently our waitress didn't have any and demonstrated that she likes pizza over pasta since we were going for pasta. secondly we asked for a full-bodied wine and wanted her advice so she suggested chianti over ripasso. we kindly asked if the chianti was a more powerful wine and she replied that chianti always is as if we were retarded. up until now we were mostly fascinated buy her horrible attitude but said that it wouldn't ruin our last night out in paris. she then came with the bread which was burnt, i mean like black on crust. i asked her; "whats this?" she replied; "it's bread!" again trying to make me feel retarded. so i kept asking; "yes, but what's this? pointing towards the burnt bread. she replied; "french bread". so we kept on and she started to question if i've ever had french bread etc. and i said yes i can tell it's a baguette if that's what you mean. and she replied that it was a baguette until they cut it up and it transforms into tadaaaa "french bread". this is when i had to brace myself for not slapping her in the face. so we told her we want new bread and she left while i called for the management and informed them about the situation. kindly enough they replaced her with another waitress who was really kind and they only ended up charging us for the pasta and chianti. they gave us free bresaola with parmesan, coffee, grappa and amaretto plus a glass each of prosecco. if it wasn't for this and the new waitress they would have gotten one star. the chianti wine was actually really good but the pasta wasn't anything extra. my paccheri pescatore didn't have much taste to it and my wife's ravioli with ricotta and spinach was ok but very creamy. sad to say but this is a tourist trap in my opinion. there's far better places in paris. even if they wouldn't have had the arrogant waitress working there they would have only received a three star rating for the food. however thanks to the lovely swedish waitress who took care of us and tried her best to make it a nice night! great gnocchi! i was actually full from a late lunch earlier so i only finished a third of the plate and planned to take the rest home. unfortunately the server cleared my plate while i was conversing with a neighboring table and did not pack my entree. i suppose the french does not believe in leftovers? i was super disappointed and was really looking forward to finishing it. portion sizes are very generous. we could barely finish our pasta, not to mention they obviously give you bread and pita to snack on while you wait! nevertheless we didn't have to wait along anyway, the pasta came pretty quickly and was very hot! service is lovely, restaurant has a nice, warm, and welcoming ambience. would recommend! the portions are huge, good price. the pastas are amazing and pizza is pretty good i think the cheese is what makes it special. i highly reccomend pastas though special flavors awesome pizza!! this was better than new york or chicago style! service was superb! get there early though, it gets crowded quick! super large portions, one pizza is big enough for two people, overall good food!! would definitely want to see what else is out there though. for my first trip to paris it was definitely worth it! the place gets better and better each time we go. the pizza is as close to pizza from naples that i've found. the pasta carbonara is better than anything i've ever had in rome or italy. trust me. i'll be back. amazing place located in the opera district. we went there our first day in paris, were craving italian and this had high ratings and was not too far from us so we gave it a try. loved everything about it, from the atmosphere, very warm and cozy, to the staff who were so welcoming and friendly, and especially the food which was so delicious and better than we even expected. this place was so great that even though we only had 2 nights in paris and wanted to try as many places as we could in that time, we had to go back here for dinner on our last night. and even with how busy this place is, everyone working there still remembered who we were. anyone visiting paris has to give this place a try and see what makes it so great, can't wait to visit again if you are in paris and craving pizza, this is a must do. i was here for a work related trip and the concierge at hotel du louvre recommended this place. it's about a ten minute walk. we all shared a plate of prosciutto/buffalo mozzarella and then ordered several pizzas.  you must try the chili oil... omg it is amazing. heat like you wouldn't believe and they should sell this in the usa :). we had the diavola and the regina pizza. both absolutely amazing, especially with the chili sauce on top. we had fantastic wine, valpolicella ripasso. server was from senegal, aminata, and she was fantastic. the ambiance is wonderful here too.. over 500 years old, original walls and beams. you cannot beat this place. when i bring my family back- we will be here!! fantastic service, great atmosphere and great food- we all ordered pizzas and they were huge and very tasty! we are big water drinkers and they kept giving us more water which sounds obvious but not in paris- desserts were great also! and the first place not filled with smokers! great restaurant. my boyfriend and i split a pizza here. we just told our waitress what we were in the mood for so she recommend a prosciutto pizza covered in arugula. the sauce was really good on the pizza and arugula is always a wonderful compliment to prosciutto. my only problem with the pizza is that the crust was super soft and had no texture. they have three different kinds of olive oils to dip with your bread. the spicy one is no joke.service was alright, nothing spectacular. really great food! everything we ordered was delicious! we ordered the lasgana, penne all alfredo, and spaghetti carbonara!! so delish! you also have to try their spicy oil with pizza or bread! best meal we have had in europe! we will be back! our first time in paris and we were looking for a place to eat dinner and found this gem. pasta was really good. we got the lasagna, penne all alfredo and the spaghetti pesto. all were delicious. it had a cozy feel and a great place to go with friends. would recommend this place if you're in the area. don't go to paris expecting great pizza. i should have known better, but after a few days of french food, italian was being craved. upon waking in, the staff was not welcoming or friendly. lots of them standing around, peering out the windows as if they were imprisoned. the waitress was cold and brash, not giving me any recommendations because she claimed it was "all good". we ordered the antipasto platter of meats, cheeses, and pickled vegetables. it all tasted old and left over. the pizza came out, and was cooked fine, but just left a lot to be desired. it satisfied my craving for marinara sauce, but the over all experience was a bummer. afterwards, we walked around the corner and saw countless restaurants that were overflowing with patrons that appeared to be having a lot more enjoyment eating their dinner than we did. too bad we didn't see those spots before we landed here. hopefully the staff can reinvent themselves and have a lesson in smiling and being friendlier. we had a truly amazing experience at this adorable parisian restaurant. the food was incredible. i ordered the pasta pesto, and my boyfriend got the veal. we both agreed it was one of the best meals we had during our 10 day stay in paris. the chestnut cake with ice cream that we had for dessert was by far one of my favorite desserts as well.however, perhaps even better than the food was the incredible wait staff. we arrived right before they were getting ready to take care of a 20+ person group. our waiter, elliot, was considerate enough to make an effort to get our orders in before the party so we wouldn't have to wait since there were only two of us. he gave us excellent recommendations, conversation, and the other waiters checked on us as well to make sure we were satisfied. we absolutely loved the whole experience! lovely italian. friendly staff. massive portions - they'll even box them up for you to take away for later. i've been a few times now & have tried a few things from their menu. pizza's are great, salads are great. solid wine less too. only reason it doesn't get a 5 star rating is that there's no outdoor seating. this is a must visit italian restaurant. we loved the food, loved the ambience and loved the service. get there early to get good seating. visiting from the us for a few days. was looking for dinner in walking distance from quarte-septembre subway station. decided on this place because of reviews, portions, and the seating is not as tight and stuffy as many french restaurants. perfect ambiance. dress/casual with personal touch decor that contrasts the bare-bones interior architecture (in a good way). ordered caprice salad, spaghetti carbonara, and the penne porto-something (pesto, tomato sauce & ricotta) - can't remember on account of carafe of house red wine i drank myself... 5 stars because:1. seated right away2. i didn't have to shout to talk with company3. salad, bread and wine came out promptly 4. waitress was friendly and happy to speak english. 5. food and wine was absolutely the best meal i've had in europe thus far. 6. seating was spacious and semi-private7. lighting was good but not too bright, or too dark. 8. they were not filled to capacity. people were still coming in and going upstairs when we left. (we got there just after 7) oh, the bread and chili oil and as amazing. i suspect they make it and the mozzarella in-house. if you're in the area, go here. absolutely fabulous pizza.  very friendly staff.  i will bring my family back to have dinner here soon amazing pizza and pasta!!! not my favorite atmosphere/interior design but the food is absolutely delicious! delicious food, quaint decor. authentic italian dishes served in italian quantities! if you're looking for italian food in paris, i'd highly recommend. had a late dinner with my son after a very long day of touring. we had visited d day beaches in normandy (highly recommended) and were looking for an easy meal near our hotel. we both ordered pizzas which were fantastic. nice thin and crispy crust. we were both impressed. my son texted a picture of his pizza to his friends because it looked so good. they also serve pasta which looked very good at other tables.we were going to come back for a 2nd meal at this restaurant but they were closed for a holiday.nice casual restaurant for a good meal.	1	0	1	0	0
 eric & staff could not have been more gracious. upon asking in french if he spoke english, he replied 'no, i only speak japanese!' he continued to provide amazing service to complement the very good food (escargot was right on time). wines were fantastic - specifically, the mercurey from burgundy. lots of care, lots of love.four stars for foodfive for servicefive for ambience perfect evening at le chenin. we had 8:30 reservations and were greeted with smiles and handshakes. the staff took good care of us and helped with recommendations. we started with the snails and were sure to soak up the garlic sauce with our bread. he had pork, i had steak. his came with mashed potatoes and mine with fries. each had its own sauce and they were delicious. it's a cozy place where you're likely to chat up the folks on either side of you. if you're looking for a lovely evening without pretension, try le chenin. a small welcoming, relaxing and funky restaurant that has kept the feel of the small neighborhood paris restaurants with its great owner eric, offering superb food and wine. amazing service to complement classic french food. great place. intimate. great food. great wine. great owner.  involved, knowledgeable, helpful, and will adapt to best meet needs of customers. french food in paris? tough to beat. hubby and i went while in paris...was not too far from marriott boulevard. owner doesn't speak much english; daughter speaks more. hubby got duck and said just "ok." i got thin steak cooked well done which owner didn't want it cooked well done...but it was fatty and not like american steak. the steak frites were great. for dessert we got the rice pudding "brulee." dont get this! it's basically cooked rice in milk, butter and cinnamon and they tried to flame the top. my mom made better rice cereal with cinnamon and milk/sugar when i was a kid!!!wine was dry, altho it opened up a little during meal-paid 80 euros for the bottle. if you're desperate, good place to go, but not a "wine bar" as the hotel concierge stated! le chenin reminded me of my first trip to paris. the atmosphere of this place could not be more parisian. the restaurant serves the classic french food and wine. the restaurant is located in a popular location and the dining room is small so make a reservation. my wife and i selected this for our last dinner in paris so we would finish our visit with a classic parisian experience. i was so pleased to discover a place that has preserved what we loved about an evening in paris. it is a small restaurant that has kept the feel of the small neighbourhood paris restaurants with great food and service that i came to love when i first travelled to paris. what a lovely place. the hours of operation are different on various websites... so to be clear: i went on a tuesday night and while they stayed open later, the kitchen closes at 10pm. the host was very nice to seat me at 9:45pm, but made sure that i only ordered dishes which were quick to prepare. i already kind of knew what i wanted, so quickly ordered the foie to start, entrecote main, glass or two of bordeaux and some oban to finish. the service was fast and super friendly. while the ambience, decor and all were charming and cozy, it was *really* warm inside. i'm always warm by nature, so this place was kind of a sauna for me. it's no game-changer, just be aware... don't wear a sweater when coming here.one could well order small and spend maybe 20-30. if you eat like a mensch who enjoys life you're looking at about 50-80 per person, easily. anyway, the food was perfect, and since i went big -- tonight being my last night in paris -- the kind host gave me a smile and a shot of calvados at the end. i left stuffed, happy and perfectly drunk. i would happily recommend this place for duos or small groups looking for very well executed traditional french cuisine, served heartily and with a genuine smile. ate my 2016 thanksgiving meal here. some homemade tapenade and white wine to get things off to a start. steak and house fries were the house specialty, and they did not disappoint. finally the mousse au chocolat was quite tasty !  would definitely go back. the gal that seated us acted like a typical parisian. kind of cold but still helpful. i have thicker skin than most californians so it didn't matter. in the end she explained the menu and was helpful. the owner was very gracious. over all the food was good, a little more expensive than i expected, but this was our first night, so still trying to figure out how it works here. i would recommend going here over all. had some fantastic food! the owner greets you with a handshake and you have an amazing parisian atmosphere. had 3 courses with red wine for the entrecte steak. all food was amazing - would recommend to anyone! i was so lucky to have found this place via the yelp app in paris. this place was about a 10 minute walk from galeria de lafayette. this was the first and the best meal i've had in paris. yes it's this good. the place is also very welcoming, relaxing, and beautiful restaurant.it is true, the server and owner do greet you at the door with a handshake. it is quite odd since that's only what americans do right; however, it was a nice and warm welcome. i believe the taller bald gentleman is the owner. he's very funny and speaks english. he comes over with the chalkboard menu and introduces each dish. (the whole menu is in french). we initially wanted to order more food, but he informed us that 2 entrees were enough because its "big big big". the server is also very good with his recommendations. he recommended some excellent wines. i think everything here is probably excellent! we ordered the charcuterie (entree size) and the duck confit. both was excellent. the duck was so moist and flavorful. the meats, cheeses and pates in the charcuterie was out of this world... the owner was right... these are huge entrees. despite being huge, we still managed to try their desserts. i mean we have another stomach just for desserts right?? the owner walked us over to the front of the restaurant to have a look at the selection of desserts. he recommended the poached pear with chocolate and the dessert trio. oh boy the poached pear was so good. it was my favorite, but the other desserts were good too. the trio came with an espresso and 3 tiny little desserts. i'll definitely come back to this cute little restaurant even thought its thousands of miles away. this place is a favorite for locals and tourists because le chenin is authentic, well priced and delicious!! they also accept credit cards!! great food and the people there make it amazing as well. we had a group of 5 some got the steak, duck and the lobster. the mashed potatoes were amazing go to this place! it is absolutely amazing! it is worth every single dollar/ euro you spend. my husband and i found them on yelp and took a chance - you should too! we wandered in and were greeted with a sincere smile and a handshake. my husband was very sick and the owner/ manager (i'm not sure) took it upon himself to make sure he was taken care of - a nice hot drink and kind suggestions. also he only spoke french and we only speak english but it didn't matter. the gentleman made a point to explain the menu to us to best of his ability and was extremely patient and kind to us. now to the food- wow! listen to him when he makes a suggestion he won't steer you wrong. i got the white fish with veggies and my husband got the steak with fries - yum yum yum! we also had a magnificent bottle of wine and the dessert was heavenly it may be on the small side but that is part of the charm - sitting elbow to elbow with some of the locals in a charming and cozy setting is something you can't put a price on. if i could go here everyday i would - 10/10 absolute perfection! duck confit was delicious and the wine was divine. owner was extremely friendly and made you feel right at home. great first dinner in paris on our honeymoon ! best meal we had in paris. greeted at the door, we had hugs before we left. most amazing foie gras i've ever eaten, made on site by the chef. i had the steak three ways, tartare was the best! my husband had the beef loin, it was so tender and had so much flavor. great wine recommendation - he said we could drink what we wanted from the bottle and he would only charge us for what we drank. well, we drank the bottle. beautiful pear tart for dessert with port. great night. found this cute little spot walking down the street. we booked a table for dinner... when we showed up they owners were happy and sassy...food was tasty, duck confit was great... mashed potatoes are awesome. do not let the owners select the wine, they have expensive taste.definitely worth return to... but they don't have a/c and it can get toasty. i agree with all the reviews here. this spot is a little charmer. the owner and waiter greet you at the door with a hand shake. the restaurant is cozy and the walls are lined with photos of celebrities. the owner comes to your table to read the menu. he told me the menu changes daily depending on what's available. i had the scallop starter, which was delicious and perfectly cooked. for my entree i had a fish dish that came with some vegetables. it was also perfectly cooked and was accompanied by a delicious butter, lemon sauce on the plate. while i was stuffed, the waiter told me the chocolate moose was homemade, so i just had to try it. it was worth it - light, airy and not too sweet. all this and great wine too. it's rare when you can say you had great service at a restaurant in paris. prices were reasonable, with the wine running 8 a glass, appetizer was about 13 and entree 22. i am staying in the neighborhood for work and definitely will be back again. from the 30 seconds after i walked in i felt like i was amongst friends. the quality of the food only added to the quality of the service. the charcuterie was excellent and the wine was even better.i'm looking for the next excuse to drag my friends and family here. a nearly perfect review....the tiny bistrots of paris have really surprised me and my husband on our honeymoon. we see all the cafes and restaurants however le chenin was recommended by our cousin and i now get his appreciation. the restaurant is tiny and cozy. just enough seating for a small group or couple to have fine dining and a bottle of wine. the walls are decorated with black and white pictures of classic french and american actors ( big in 70's). and there is a warmth within the four walls. the two men working, assumably the owners, take such pride in the menu offering us things we americans wee not accustom to and guaranteeing that of we did not like, they would replace it with no charge. much appreciated there. needless to say we enjoyed a bottle of red wine, spanish ham, steak fillet, and white fish in a wine sauce. delicious. delicious. delicious. friendly staff, great food! host greeted us with a handshake and explained the menu in english as best he could. food was delicious which was great because we had not heard good things about french cuisine. i highly recommend! the owners are fun and witty and spunky. everything was well prepared. escargot was worth it, duck was perfect and the creme brle was amazing this is probably the best meal i've ever had. the owner greets you at the door with a handshake and is attentive throughout the meal. he is also very knowledgeable about wine and made some great suggestions. the food was amazing; classic french cooking with great sauces and overall great food for a very reasonable price. the ambiance is small and cozy and not too loud which made for a great evening of conversation. overall, amazing place that i will be sure to visit every time i am back in paris. we tried to go here our first night in paris. they were so welcoming! hand shakes at the door and treating us like we'd been loyal customers for years! the owner and the cook, at 7pm .. were just excited to see the 4 of us. but - we didn't have reservations, and, now they were truly sad as we had to leave, but, make sure we have reservations if we ever want to come back. and we did. we came back later that evening and made reservations for the next night.we made 7pm reservations. should have made 8pm. that's when the locals eat. between 8 and 9. so, we were the only ones in the place at 7, but, we were given some very nice starters on the house .. and ordered up some nice bordeaux region wine. the owner comes to the table and says - pay for two glasses and i'll make sure your glasses are filled all night for free. okay. we'll do that.i had to have steak. see how they do steak in paris. of course, i'm 6'2" so, i order up the big one. he gives me a look of someone from seaseme street. sad look. okay, i'll take it how you think i should, but, make it rare, please.the other 3 ordered the more french takes on the food. and honestly - i can't remember what they had, but, everyone was loving it.we got pictures with the cooks, the owner. talked to the tables around us, in the french tradition, because - it turns out - we're all dining together. how fun. the steak came out - and - it was only about 12 ounces .. i looked down at it, and, must have had a "i'm a grown up, i can have a big steak" look on my face. this concerned the owner very much. "what's wrong? is it not big enough? i can bring you more when you're done if you want." i was pleased by that and figured i'd show this guy, who was, by the way, as big as i was less about 20 or so pounds. both of us having shaved heads, too. ;-) ... well .. i did not need a bigger steak. there was soooooo much food. soooo much good food. the wine never stopped flowing - then - he brings this bottle of something out . . . no label . . . and we were set.i'll tell ya. fun, because the owner and all the locals made it that way, and, great food and drink. the owner is also the bar tender and the waiter .. it's a small place. again - the people that showed up for dinner at 8pm .. were the only ones in the place when we left at 10 ... to go to the la taverna .. you'll see my review on that one, too. it was about 1/2 block .. maybe a block away .. small walk .. and perfect for a night cap before heading back to the hotel. le chenin lived up to its wonderful reviews! it's an adorable, cozy spot for an authentic but approachable french meal. the owner welcomed us with a handshake and brought us bread and tapenade to start. he took great care to explain the menu in both french and english and recommended a wine to go with the food we'd chosen. we split the charcuterie to start followed by the duck confit. we had the berry and creme and mousse au chocolat for dessert. all were dlicieux and very reasonably priced. i highly recommend le chenin. best to make a reservation, as the restaurant is petit. so wonderful. go on trip ad*****, you know that site. there are over 300 very positive reviews and you can easily make a reservation. we went on a friday night, it was very busy, wonderful atmosphere. somewhat loud but happy, there was one 3 year old at a table so i guess you can bring well behaved children. the 2 gentleman work very hard to provide outstanding service, some english to help us non-french speakers. don't skip desert. and they have a great wine selection even for just a glass. do go. top notch service and experience. the entire staff at le chenin were both welcoming, engaging and attentive. you will find delicious food and loads of ambiance. we are looking forward to the next time. would have to agree with everyone else here. great atmosphere, relaxed dinner, superb food, and couldn't ask for better hospitality. you feel welcomed from the moment step in the door, greeted with a handshake and a bon soir, then continually feeling at home the rest of the night. bilingual description of all items on the menu. unfortunately i discovered this restaurant on my last night out in paris and not my first. looking forward to returning. incredible food! polite and friendly staff! first time ever that i was greeted with a handshake when entering a restaurant. at the end, they shared a free shot of hard liquor and allow you to take pictures behind the bar! from the moment we arrived until we left, we had a really wonderful experience. our waiter was very engaging. even though we didn't speak french well he let us try our french as we ordered our meals. the food was excellent. we are a family of 4 and all of us found something we liked. the steaks were delicious and the lamb was to die for. we also had a bottle of red from the bourgogne region which was just the thing to accompany our meals. deserts were good according to my children. my wife and i shared some cheese which was helped down with the complimentary calvados from our waiter. finished the evening with them taking photos of us behind the bar for fun. a really great experience and i highly recommend. a smal place where you probably always have to reserve a table in advance. menu is simple with traditional french food. we had a three course menu: snails, duck and creme brle. that is as french as it gets. food was well prepared and served surprisingly fast. prices are reasonable compared to what you get, but the clue of the restaurant was the atmosphere, where you feel welcome and treated individually with the little extra moment to small talk. we were there as family and that worked well. we will not hesitate to revisit the place again.	0	0	1	0	0
 you really can't beat this restaurant. the food is excellent, the wine selection is superb, and the staff are friendly and helpful.if you are near notre dame or in the latin quarter, definitely treat yourself to a meal here! we are in paris for a total of two weeks and have already come to le petit pontoise twice in our first week!we discovered the joys of this very casual, warm and friendly spot near the seine three years ago on a previous visit to paris and couldn't wait to return. we were so happy to experience the same wonderfully prepared food and lovely greeting and service as before.some of our favorite dishes include:first course:artichoke and eggplant tart tatin...scrumptious.duck terrine...heaven on a plate.grilled langostines...divine.second course:sole in butter and lemon...fresh and delicious beyond words.beef filet...amazingly savory sauce.roasted chicken...done to juicy perfection.third course:tart tatin...not too sweet and completely delicious.excellent wine choices, too.reading other reviews of le petit pontoise, i suspect everything on the menu is delicious. this is definitely a favorite place for us which i now highly recommend to you! oh la la! wanted to visit paree for 50yrs. wanted one fine dinner. checked out many fine and highly recommended restaurants before making my choice to reserve a table here.une verre du vin rose. pig cheek stew, une planche du fromage, creme brulee [wanted to lick all the plates]. finished the evening with a cappacino.loved the food and wine. the presentation. the ambiance. my two servers were friendly and helpful ladies. i will return if i ever have a chance.i need to say it once again: oh la la! so good! quality entres and dessert. they care. the scallops were cooked perfectly and the lava cake was one of the best i've ever had. when i cut into the cake it oozed an amazing amount of chocolate goodness. went here as a recommendation from a friend and it did not disappoint. it is, however, on thr higher end in terms of price but totally worth it for the quality and quantity of food you'll be getting. i had the escargot for starter and the sauce was so creamy and savoury. for entree i had duck with fried foie gras and i had multiple mouth-orgasms. the foie gras was crunchy yet melted in my mouth - and i normally don't like duck but this was different. i had creme brulee for dessert, and it was okay compared to the predecessors. great staff and friendly service. go here if you want delicious and authentic french cuisine! food here is wonderful. the place is a little small and the tables very close to one another, so don't expect too much intimacy. with that being said, definitely check out this place. i had the sea bass fillet and duck terrine. delicious! my airbnb is across the street from this gem of a restaurant. i had dinner here my first night in paris and it did not disappoint! the staff is incredibly nice and very accommodating. i had the bass which was amazing! i went back a second time and decided to try the escargot in some amazing-melt-in-your-mouth sauce! and had the chocolate molten like petite cake. i would highly recommend this to anyone staying near the latin quarter. it's not your typical touristy restaurant and it's away from all the noise down a quaint street. wonderful meal.perfect ambiance.very very nice service from boom.quail was exceptional chicken with mashed deliciousravioli appetizer to die for.boom recommended a very nice wine and the amadeus chocolate was a perfect ending.we will be back walk into this tiny saint germain / latin quarter restaurants and be treated by two little women one french one korean. very helpful and accommodating . we had delicious food we wanted to lick the plate. this was a delicious dinning experience. affordable and very american-friendly. this place is near notre-dame, but definitely doesn't have a touristy feel with its sidewalk cafe-style tables. also, the food is amazing and memorable by many standards. would definitely return next time we're in paris. another favorite bistro of mine with lovely ambiance, delicious food and excellent service. the duck is absolutely superb. i also love the pan roasted foie gras. if you're adventurous, try the pig cheeks which are magnificent. the mashed potatoes and parmesan ravioli appetizer are delicious. absolutely divine!!! we contacted the restaurant owner/ manager- jonathan before traveling from nyc to paris, to request reservation. and boy, were we glad? it was the best meal we had during the entire trip, including the 3 michelin 'alleno paris'. next time we visit paris (and visit we do every few years), we are coming back to le petit. must order:1. millefeuille of goat cheese & beets (best!!)2. home made fois grass with figs3. sea bass roasted with vanilla sauce (must have..we have never had this good sauce- its like crack!)finally, the duck was also good. thanks jonathan for your hospitality, especially to our little dog that the restaurant allowed us to bring. merci beaucoup!! we've been to paris twice for a total of 9 nights, and this is our favorite restaurant. small, but cozy. warm, hospitable staff. great variety on menu, and offers many traditional (lamb, beef, chicken) but with a modern, new take. every. single. item we ordered was great. we brought our kids (10 + 4) and they enjoyed the menu and didn't find it too modern for their somewhat restricted palate.we had the lamb, the filet, and two chicken. the beet salad, the warm goat cheese, and lots of bread. it was fabulous. ate here with a large group on thursday night, and we weren't disappointed. the food was simple, but very good. we enjoyed the appetizer pasta, the camembert and the "artichoke" tart (which was actually eggplant, not artichoke, but was delicious). i agree with another reviewer that the camembert is sharing-sized, although the menu didn't clarify.for our mains we had duck, beef fillet and the fish with vanilla sauce. all were delicious. i personally appreciated that we received a larger portion of vegetables than had been typical of my meals in france (no mashed potatoes...perhaps they've changed that in response to earlier reviews). however, they were steamed and slightly overcooked - the meat or fish was definitely the star of each dish.service was incredibly friendly and gracious, even when we spilled a bottle of wine.overall, although this wasn't my favorite meal in paris, it was excellent, and i highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the area. the crayfish & green bean salad goes wonderfully with amazing parmesan ravioli. add pink champagne, c'est formidable! what a fabulous find of a restaurant. the server was friendly and so helpful with helping me navigate the menu for gluten free options. the wine selection was vast and reasonably priced. we started with a beet and goat cheese mille-feuille (no pastry but named for the way it was layered). beautifully presented with multi coloured beets and an olive oil and fruit vinegar reduction then sprinkled with basil. i followed this with the entrecte which arrived, hot and sizzling with roasted vegetables and a rich demi . the beef was perfectly cooked and well complimented by the demi. my partner had the roast chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy. my own vegetables were delicious but the smooth, creamy and buttery potatoes on his plate had my fork reaching over to keep stealing more. i found this little gem via yelp and it was worth the weary trek to a different arrondissement across the river after a busy day in the city! this restaurant has excellent food and excellent service. we went with a group of 4 the 2nd night we were in paris (we made a reservation) and we went back for a second time with no reservation and the staff accommodated us after recognizing us. the food and wine are devine. this is a must if you can get to the latin quarter quaint little restaurant with good food. nothing fancy here.the wine list is on chalkboards on the wall by region. the wine is stored at room temperature, so a little warm.the fresh seared foi gras was quite nice as a starter.there was no rabbit which i wanted to try in their "grandmother's recipe".rack of lamb portion was quite small mainly because it was from a very small animal. the taste was great.it's a tight fit in this place but the food is fine. it is quite casual and doesn't try to be anything else. this is why i usually don't eat at "authentic" french bistros. they look like places that have been there forever, and they serve food that maybe once was really good but now has lost its greatness. we chose two main courses and no starter since we had a late lunch, the staff seemed very displeased with that. they weren't very friendly, to be honest. they just threw bread on the table and did not bother to serve us the main courses at the same time. we had duck and veal. the meat was ok, but the sauce was boring, mine had even taste of something (too much) burned.the meat was accompanied by mashed potatoes and this was a sad story. absolutely no taste. i do it much better myself. le petit pontoise is a tourist trap that serves food made without love for cooking. don't go there! fantastic. service was very good. escargot and the foie gras were the big hits. yes, the tables are packed close together, so expect to get cozy with the neighboring table. why not, this isn't america where everyone expects large portions and a lot of space. yes, i heard nearly every table around me speaking english. tourist trap..yes, it seems. but when i consider the food itself, it was very good.what we ordered:-escargot with herb butter sauce: the escargot came in a small pot filled with light green sauce. delicious especially with the bread dipped in it. about 12-14 pieces.-mini raviolis: rich dish but oh-so-good. bechamel-like sauce and the top was lightly browned. i couldn't tell the filling in the raviolis but they were really good.-scallops with vegetables: sorry i don't remember the name of this dish, but it was really good. the broth/sauce was amazing and light, full of seafood flavor. the scallops and vegetables were cooked perfectly.-shredded duck breast and fois gras and mashed potatoes: great portion. the fois gras had nice outer flavoring of the sauce and inside of the fois gras had a buttery texture and flavor.the richness was nicely set off by the leaner shredded duck. the mashed potatoes were basic. the brown sauce, which was strong, went well with the simply cooked/flavored duck.overall a great dining experience. the entire time, i enjoyed the wonderful smells of food cooking in the kitchen. a nice find. my favorite bistro meal in paris during our recent trip, likely owing to our entre choices. le petit pontoise is tucked away into a side street not far from ntre dame or the river seine. its location is in close proximity to a number of popular tourist attractions, as well as le quartier latin and st. germain-des-prs, if you don't mind a little bit of walking. i highly recommend taking a nice long stroll after your heavy meal here, if the weather allows.we made a reservation a few weeks in advance via our hotel concierge, so i cannot speak to how hard it is to get a table here. we did go on a thursday night in the springtime at 8pm, and by 8:30pm the place was full. as mentioned in other reviews, the woman who is in charge here is efficient but not overbearing. i loved the atmosphere in le petit pontoise because it was casual and cottage-like, while still maintaining a lot of class. it's not the most romantic of places - perfect for a group of friends or family to eat some home-cooked food and linger over dessert.we started, as we always did, with two glasses of champagne. it's such a perfect way to start a meal - i never realized prior to our recent trip to france how a single glass of champagne can really set the excitement, anticipation and tone of the meal. it's a signal that the time to relax has come. it's a sign of celebration. try it for yourself and you'll be a fan, i'm sure!our starters were the roasted camembert and cheesy ravioli. both were spectacular. really, how can you go wrong with a quality block of camembert (with just the right hint of bitter) roasted in the oven until warm and gooey? the ravioli was also wonderful, certainly the best version of "mac and cheese" i've ever had. as a warning, it does come out very hot, so you'll have to wait for it to cool. but the marrying of cheeses in a way that is palatable but not overwhelming is commendable. the roux underneath the melted cheese was also perfect and the ravioli were not overcooked. it seems like a very simple dish, but often these are the hardest to master because there is no complexity to hide mistakes. my main dish was the favorite that i had in over 9 days in france: the pig stew. it was sweet but savory and served in a mini casserole dish. it reminded me of something that would be served in quebec or french canada, simply because of how hearty it was. it was clearly a family recipe of some sort, and it was delicious -- the pork fell apart but was not desiccated and i was so glad to have some bread on the side to mop up the gravy. my husband had duck breast and foie gras over mashed potatoes -- the ultimate in comfort food. full of flavor but not heavy-handedthe beauty of this place is that the atmosphere, service and food do not feel forced. you don't feel like it's a big production. our meal took under 2 hours, which, by french standards, was such a welcome relief, because we actually had time to take a walk and enjoy part of the night once it was over! simple, home-cooked, relaxing and pleasant. and quite affordable at that! the most delicious meal ever, 10 stars!! the sea bass with vanilla bean is exceptional. overheard others in the restaurant say it was the best meal they ever had. c'est dlicieux! quaint bistro, great atmosphere, wonderful service, amazing food. typical french fare with a twist and expertly prepared. we (a group of three) ate there twice during our stay and everything we ordered was delicious. petit pontoise was actually recommended to us by locals...they should know. worth a trip to the 5th. let me tell you how good this place was. after a long day of sightseeing without taking a break to eat, my wife and i we were both hangry by dinner. however, the moment we had their escargot, our tune changed. i never had escargot before, but damn it was good! we stopped short of licking the bowl. for entrees, i got the duck parmentier and fried foie gras and she got free range chicken and home made mash potatoes. another first for me on foie gras. i was besides myself on how good it was. she was very surprised how tasty her chicken was too. anyway, needless to say, a good meal had us smiling and enhancing our paris experience. i wish this place was in california. tiny, charming, and worth the trip. i think this place gets a mix of tourists and locals (tourists at dinner, locals any other time), but as an american i would compare it to the cozy restaurants tucked away in the west village of new york. my bro-in-law had the pigs cheeks and he was swooning for the swine. i had the lamb chops, which were awesome, but i could've eaten another helping. the smaller portion worked out because i had ordered brie as an appetizer...which was a lot of cheese, i suggest sharing. solid and fairly priced wine list. great staff (owner is a financial analyst by day, but has a passion for food).anyways this is definitely a place i will recommend to friends traveling to paris and if you are in search of a great spot and from out of town, you won't go wrong here. nice little place off on a side street. i think the owner was my waitress -- she's an older lady, just lovely! she spoke english, too, which helped. now, on to the important stuff: escargot. just go. oooooh. la la !!!! amazing french food with impeccable service! i can leave psris happy now....favorites were the fois gras with fig, roasted chicken, tarte tatin. excellent wine list. bon appetit! we couldn't have enjoyed this restaurant more for our final night in paris. it is located one block from our apartment. we went on a friday night without a reservation (but i wouldn't advise it after 8:30). the staff were attentive and helpful particularly the man behind the bar. my wife ate the camembert starter with the rack of lamb. i had the snails and the duck breast. the snails was the best dish i ate in paris all week as was the bread. my wife's rack of lamb was a close second. compared to the family style comfort food we'd been eating most of the week, this was more of a gourmet meal. we paired our meal with a bottle of 2011 givry la grande berge. my wife finished with the creme brulee. the bill came to 157 euros, a price easy to achieve in this excellent restaurant. our best meal in paris!! we saw many great yelp reviews of this place and decided to have dinner there and it was beyond expectation. we stared our meal with duck terrine and baked camembert with honey and brown sugar, so so good! and followed by pig cheek and quail for main courses. everything was so delicious and service was awesome even though they were busy. can't wait to come back to paris and eat there again!!!	0	1	0	0	1
 delicious ! can't wait to come back a five star experience and the absolute best crepe i have had in all of france ! a worth while experience to come and have a crepe here . you will not regret it ! found this place via yelp app. cozy, quiet and charming. the crpes were delicious and the atmosphere was inviting. my husband and i went here for dessert and loved it! he had an apple crepe and i had the amelie, which had blackberry jam, whipped cream and a scoop of ice cream. the waiter was quick and gracious, and the atmosphere was quaint and friendly. we hope to return!!! our last night in paris - we tried three creperies during our two day stint based on great yelp reviews. this one was my favorite. i shared a tatin apple carmel crepe with my wife. it was arguably the best dessert of my life. and there would've been a fight if i didn't share small, on a side street, very fresh and tasty. we arrived at 1pm with a few customers but it filled up by 1:30 and they turned people away. tight seating for 28. friendly staff. english menu available. but, the best part was the food itself. we would eat here again without hesitation. great place. choose your own toppings for the crepes very well done and 10.50 for savoury and sweet. definitely a repeat. we had the lunch menu for 10.50. food was good service was timely. we had our 9 yr old with us and she loved the nutella banana crepes. tired and hungry, we were turned down at several of the "bigger," jam-packed restaurants in the area before stumbling upon this gem. a cozy restaurant serving sweet and savory crepes, crepuscule has english menus available, and the owner is friendly and helpful. we had the campania and raclette savory crepes, and finished with the charmante. both were just what we needed after a long day of walking all over paris. definitely would come here again. wonderful discovery just steps from our apartment on rue amelie. the lunch special includes both a savory and sweet. no cheating - they make fresh buckwheat crepes for the savory. though it's way too much to eat at one sitting! the egg & ham was perfectly prepared and the nutella is yummy and rich. the lemon & sugar is surprisingly tart. the owner is cheerful and gracious. very attentive without hovering. so glad to have found this little gem - love the mix of locals and tourists! creative and delicious food. very friendly to english speaking clients (they have an english version of the menu). service was excellent and food is ready quickly. i stopped in here for lunch on a chilly day during my recent trip to paris. it's a very small place, but i was traveling by myself so they had a table for me right away. i really felt welcome here, more so than any other place i visited in paris. i opted for their lunch deal of one savory and one sweet crepe for around 10-11 euros. this was a perfect amount of food and not too filling. overall, i would give the food 3 stars and the service and atmosphere 5 stars. it's conveniently located in the rue cler area, for those who are staying in that neighborhood. it was a great little place to have lunch. four of us went about 9pm before it closed and had both savory and sweet crepes. since we went at night, i think the prices might be a little higher than at lunch. we also had the apple cider and enjoyed it.while these were my only crepes during my paris trip, i enjoyed the experience here so much. we all enjoyed our freshly made food, the warm environment, and setting.even the server/owner had such a great personality. when my son asked him, "can i have an egg, cheese, and ham crepe?", his response is one we are still saying almost daily, "why not?". said in such a french way that it made us all happy. loved the crepes here! came in and was greeted by a very busy man who apologized that if we wanted to stay there would be a wait as everyone seemed to show up at once. we appreciated the heads up but we were not in a hurry! so glad we stayed!! i got the lemon & sugar and my bf got the apple and we both loved them!! so fresh and well done. looked at the tables next to us and sparked up conversations and they all loved their savory crepes as well. we will be back to try them for ourselves before we leave!! the place is tiny so get to know the people next to you!! bon appetit! if you love crepes this is the place to come to! it isn't a flashy place, just a simple hole in the wall. very nice staff! the crepes here are simple yummy! we had two savory and one desert all were perfectly done. they came with an overdressed side salad that was completely unnecessary. it was a little pricey but it is equivalent to what we saw in other crepe spots. the ingredients were the best by far! i would recommend this place! best crepes i've ever tasted! even though the place is small, it is very cozy. the waiter spoke good english and service was excellent. will come back if i have the chance! i had eaten so many crepes in paris and i must say this is the second best i had so far. the place is small and cozy. server/owner speaks good english and extremely friendly. it is located in a small street where most visitors would have missed. i ordered nutella and banana buckwheat crepe with vanilla ice-cream. it's a great place for dessert to end the night and short walk down to eiffel tower. they have good apple cider too!! we had a great, casual meal here. it's a tiny place with great crepes. the owners were very friendly. we had 3 different savoury crepes and loved them, then split 2 dessert crepes that were also delicious. plus wine and juice, all for 70 euros. great, cheap dinner for 3. recommended to us by our hostel. best crepes i had in paris. great lunchmenu. reasonably priced. awesome crepes. amazing service. very friendly. i had the ham, potato, and cheese while my wife had the egg, sausage, and cheese. both very good. topped off with the caramel and ice cream crepe. yum tip for people who like crepes. cheap prices and a nice service in a small restaurant with 30 seats. lunch menu for 10,50 with two different crepes is offered. we had crepes for main course and dessert. the lunch menu has a great meal that includes both. i had the buckwheat crepes with eggs, sausage and mushrooms. it was fantastic. for dessert spend the extra euro and add whip cream to your sweet crepe. stopped here for lunch after finding this place on yelp. nice setting. staff was nice. good service. for lunch they offer an entree crepe followed by a dessert crepe for 10.50 euros. the crepes were fantastic. the nutella crepe was especially on point. great experience for a reasonable price. did not even make it thru the door. went there on saturday at 11:45 and even though the door sign said open from 11:30 the door was closed. we tried opening because it was cold so it would probably be closed due to the cold. a french man came running to the door saying no no no and saying open at 12 with an attitude as if we were trying to break in. we quickly turned around and went to a near by bakery and ate more for less. thank you rude french man. the place has both sweet and savory crepes , excellent service and really good crepes!! cute intimate dining room. my meal:we split the - goat cheese, bacon, stewed tomato crepe-cured ham, potato crepe-vegetarian crepe (best flavors)- nutella and bananas-stewed apple and carmel sauce (the best sauce)the drinking chocolate was divine. great place to eat but nothing super spectacular except the caramel sauce was amazing. it's worth trying the crepes here love this spot! my boyfriend and i stayed on rue amelie and this was right across the street. we stopped by the restaurant around 9:45 pm (it's supposed to close at 10 pm) yet the nice owner waved us in with a big smile. we ordered the salted caramel crepe and the nutella crepe, both of which were delicious. the owner was super nice and attentive, and twice brought us carafes of water since we were parched. we will definitely come back for breakfast tomorrow! found this place via yelp. unpretentious, friendly small creperie. food is excellent. low key location. really nice spot to stop in for quick meal. they have both preset and ability to build your own crepes. dessert crepes were particularly good. our full meal was 33. this place was recommended to us by our hostel so we were a little cautious but everything surpassed our expectations with flying colors. the service was excellent, the restaurant is run by the owner and his wife. the food is absolutely incredible. the place is very small so when we first went for lunch we didn't get seated so we held out for dinner and we were so glad we did! the prices were reasonable for 3 study abroad college students. great experience at this very small, yet cozy restaurant! right when we walked in, the gentleman was very welcoming; he provided us with an english menu and was very helpful when we asked questions. he even brought out the cheese i had a question about so i could see it! his crepes were amazing, but i rate heavily on customer service, and this place was great! i would definitely eat here again! lovely little creperie! the person who greeted us was warm and inviting. he recognized that we didn't speak french and did his best to help us in english. the food is delicious, we shared the popeye crepe. it was a very large portion. we planned to go to another restaurant after, and it was still a lot of food for two people. also, the prices were very reasonable especially considering the portion size.	1	0	0	0	0
 this was our last dinner in paris and it was truly an excellent way to end our trip. we had a reservation for 8pm and were one of the first to arrive. they allowed us our choice of tables and we chose to sit out front in the really nice square. they did have an english menu which was appreciated.they had a prefix menu (app, main, dessert) or a tasting menu (6 plates i believe); we chose the prefix. i had the gnocchi to start and it was pretty decent although lacking seasoning a tiny bit in my opinion. by husband had a fish appetizer and said that it was good. the main course was lamb for both of us and it was very, very good. the dessert was excellent as well, a warm tapioca pudding with caramel drizzle and candied nuts. i could have eaten 2 servings of that easily. my husband was equally happy with his lychee icecream. we will definitely be coming back here they next time we are in town. here we go again, a highly rated restaurant and i happen to disagree with every single review. are you people soft in the head?? one star, because there's no choice for zero. this was abomination, disrespect to anything you call food. weird for the sake of being weird, along with arrogant, disrespectful service and uncomfortable seating. we were invited, otherwise i would have left as soon as i saw food served on a frozen boulder from the beach!!!! my poor wife and i couldn't eat anything and had to make the food disappear by offering to others or (discreetly) dumping it in flower pot by our table  worst part of the whole situation was that i had to sit and watch our host marvel at the offerings and shut my mouth and acquiesce like an imbecile!grrrrrrrr! never again........ please try this place, just to prove me right. ah also it was pretty pricey.......but i didn't pay, so it wasn't so painful. we went to eat a bite after saying goodbye to our hosts. my 7-year-old daughter was not happy when she saw that the appetizer for the plat d'jour was rabbit. she's been begging for a pet rabbit. we don't eat rabbit anyway so there was no debate on whether or not to order it. we just skipped it and got that day's main courses a la carte instead.the steak was good (though honestly nothing to write home about) and arrived with sweet potato puree and "eggplant caviar." it did not taste like eggplant or caviar. the star was the carrelet, a fish i was previously unfamiliar with. the portion unfortunately was too small, but it made us savor each bite more. the fish was super delicate and served with more of the sweet potato puree as well as crunchy buckwheat which oddly worked.i wanted to see more of the inventiveness and beauty in presentation pirouette is known for as, save for the carrelet, we really hadn't seen much of that so far (especially after seeing some amazing presentations come out of the kitchen). thus, we opted to get a dessert. the rice pudding was pretty standard but the presentation put me to sleep. it was pudding in a bowl with a drizzle of caramel. the only redeeming thing about it was the candied hazelnuts and almonds on the side that were meant to be sprinkled on top. p.s. the service was rather slow. one of my favorite spots in paris. the food is phenomenal and very reasonably priced. if you go during lunch hours you can get their appetizer+ entree for 20 euros. i picked the steak lunch special and my friend had the fish. both came with a squash soup appetizer and biscuit. the presentation of the food is like art and truly is an beautiful ode to french cuisine. if you want to treat yourself and try a greater selection of what they offer pirouette also have a tasting menu and their desserts are decadent and a must! tip: make sure to make a reservation before you go as the place fills up pretty quickly! went here for a foodie's birthday as it's her favorite place in paris and it didn't disappoint.ambiance: a surprisingly spacious place set away from the other restaurants in the neighborhood. the split level meant that it was very quiet too. service: very professional. attentive and fast waiters with excellent french and english vocab. menus are available in both too. the only weird thing was the use of blackboards for the menus which made it difficult for some of our diners to view them at their leisure (as they were behind them).food: we got the 3-course prix-fixe and it was plenty of food without being too much. looking at the choices it was difficult to choose as they all sounded good (and indeed they were from what i got to taste from others). i started with *** which tasted as good as it looked. for the main i had the duck with gnocchi which was delicious. i passed on the truffle gnocchi for starters for this so it had a lot to answer for and indeed it was great. a friend had the fish which looked incredible (see photo) if somewhat odd since the fish was hidden, but also lived up to the visual promise. the desserts, on the other hand, were pretty much across-the-board missable. our birthday girl had one that featured aloe vera. one whiff and we could all tell why you never see this used (except in shampoos) - it wasn't good. i had the rice pudding which was very ordinary. didn't try the wines, but we did all share a bottle of champagne which was amazing. price: unbelievably low for a meal of this quality.definitely going back here next time i'm in paris. we loved everything at pirouette. benjamin and jill took outstanding care of us. from the amouse bouche to the special birthday cake they brought at the end, everyone polished our plates and looked forward to the next course. we did the pre fixed menu which included 6 courses and was very reasonably priced. we loved it! thank you pirouette! pirouette is a definite recommend in my books! the restaurant has an exciting menu and unique take on dishes!for great food and excellent service, i thought 38 euros for three courses was an awesome deal!the highlight of my meal were the two desserts i ordered- a cheese and sweet dessert. the cheese was divine with blueberry compote. it was like nothing i had before. the salt level and texture is something you don't find in north america, even at the finest of cheese shops (i really should have noted the name of the varietal).the ambiance is conducive to an intimate meal. the servers were energetic and passionate. food was amazingly delicious and the service wasn't like other restaurants in paris - our waiter was very quick, on the ball and all other staff members actually pay attention to you! highly recommended and they should give this place a star already!! food is excellent and fresh. service is wonderful. wine selection is great. everything was perfectly mediocre!mediocre appetizer, mediocre main course and mediocre dessert! for $100 for two people not the best choice around... hands down, one of the best meals i've ever had! wonderfully creative and exotic food and pairings, comfortable and cozy yet "foodie" atmosphere, and, at dinner, a considerably great value! we had two 45 euro prix-fixed menus and a 30 euro bottle of wine. and it was worth every penny! a fantastic, 2.5 hour dinner experience! the restaurant is cool looking, the food is very good, but this about says it all.some things that will never make me return here are the horrible service, rude waiters, the most impractical menu you could ever imagine (chalk board posted on the nearest ledge, people with neck problems beware). last but not least the temperature was absolutely freezing!! they refused to do anything about it and left us sitting with our coats the entire time.it was a friend of a friend who booked the restaurant, if is wasn't for that i would have stood up and left.on one last note, the food is great, just don't order anything with pork as it is dry and tasteless. love this place. service is warm but reserved, great wine list (especially for bottles), and above all the food is incredible. super flavorful, surprising tastes, fresh and healthy ingredients, well-portioned, gorgeous plating. the interior of the restaurant is also lovely and the location is adorable (in a corner of a cute alley with lots of restaurants). i was a little nervous about booking pirouette for a business dinner because of the poor service reviews. however, it is one of a few notable restaurants open on mondays near the centre of paris. we had no problems getting a reservation with short notice. our table was a ready upon our arrival at 7:30 (their opening time). we were the annoying customers who asked to be seated outside then changed our minds, but our indecision was accommodated quickly and amicably.there is a tasting menu (60 euros) which the chef chooses. we went with the pirouette menu of appetizer, main, dessert (42 euros). for a starter and main, i ordered the "oeuf parfait" which is an egg gently cooked for 45 minutes and the veal cheeks. i ended with a matcha mousse with raspberry sorbet. everything was beautifully presented and delicious. the servers were attentive throughout the meal and answered questions about the menu both in english and french. had an amazing dinner here. don't be fooled by the menu, the combinations given are to die for. absolutely amazing meal (i personally had the pig but the sole and pollack had good reviews too! oh and the rice pudding was incredible.) great place for a healthy, creative, delicious, imaginative and unique dinner. the menu is written on a black board and offers only a few items per category (appetizer, entree and dessert). the visual presentation, name of the dish are as amazing as the taste of the dishes!!!i got a 3-meat terrine to start, the veal with parmesan crust as an entree and chocolate ganache for dessert. all were delicious and so nicely presented. amazing place with nice service. prices are really affordable. another hidden gem in paris. on our final night in paris, we showed up without a reservation. the staff made a show of their investigation, but graciously seated us after much conference. our servers took exceptional efforts to translate the french menu board into english for us, which was much appreciated. the amuse bouche of fish was really a refreshing start to our meal. for our appetizers we had the octopus and the gnocchi. we were impressed with both, until my wife found a hair in the gnocchi. as it was our honeymoon and we were enjoying ourselves until this point--and my wife hates confrontation--we didn't mention this mishap. we shared the pork dish for our main course, which was good, but a little dry and didn't impress me in any major way. we asked for a rice pudding for dessert. they brought out--and charged us for--two separate rice puddings. we found this surprising given our clear order and the fact that we'd shared all other courses preceding dessert. however, i'm okay with chalking this up to a language miscommunication. all-in-all, the food was pretty good, but for the price, and given the mishaps, i can't justify recommending pirouette when there are so many exceptional dining options in paris. of our dinners in paris, pirouette was the least remarkable and the most expensive. the atmosphere is cool, the food is good, but i'd go elsewhere. food was delicious and the service was good. our waiter didn't really speak english but she tried her best. the person that explained the food to us made every dish sound amazing. one of my favorite dinner places to eat at while visiting paris. it was right by where my boyfriend and i stayed and was always packed at dinner time. they have a great menu selection and for 38 euros you can have 3 courses of your choice! we were very lucky to get in during dinner service because they book up fast. we came in right when they opened and we were told we could be squeezed in if we could finish within an hour and a half or so.my boyfriend and i both don't speak french, but the waiters and waitresses were all very nice and very patiently explained each item on the menu for us in great detail and there was 15 items! and the food... was so delicious! if you go for dinner, they'll start you off with an amuse bouche in addition to your three course meal. my boyfriend and i were hesitant when we saw that it was anchovies, but everything was paired so well with sauce, we could have eaten a whole plate of them! for appetizers i had duck like i've never had it before and i'm drooling just thinking of it now. my boyfriend got mushrooms with chestnuts (i think?) and that was so delicious as well! the sauces are so flavorful and go so well with each item, the plates were almost cleaned off completely by the time my boyfriend were through with them. everything is beautifully plated and the desserts are very delicious as well!would have given the full 5 star rating, but we went back for lunch before leaving and though the food was still good this time, the dinner chef seemed to have made the dishes better (our main courses were on the drier and chewier side- we got beef and duck). regardless, this was still one of our favorite meals in paris, and we will definitely be stopping by again if we're ever in the area! next was pirouette where we thought we had a reservation last year but our hotel had screwed it up. not this time as we enjoyed an excellent dinner. three course dinner, nice variety of choices. dw had a nicely prepared fish and i had some of the best sweetbreads ever. of course for dessert we both had the rice pudding which was very good but prefer the version at chez l'ami jean a bit more. all dishes excellent, none spectacular. the "perfect egg" appetizer was especially good. also a kind of encrusted fish. both of our desserts were below the level of the food. a number of dishes at frenchie were better. it was warm enough to sit outside and that was very pleasant. this was a lovely place with really great food. they have a 3 course menu for $40euro. there were many options for each course. however, there were up-charges for many of the items -- so the bill gets bigger pretty quickly. i really enjoyed what we had. this was most definitely the best meal i had in paris on my last trip here. we both took the prix fixe for 39 euros plus some surcharges for things like uni and foie gras, which were totally worth it. i started with foie gras wrapped in pigeon. i had quite an affair with foie gras and pigeon this time around, having had them everyday. this was possibly my favorite dish out of the entire 4 day stay. the pigeon was sliced paper thin wrapped around melty melty foie. next i had the uni and scallops entree. good complementary flavors, but the vegetables were too distracting. i love veggies but too much here. i kind of wish it had something smoother in texture. finally, the baba au rhum was rich but not heavy, very refreshing mango flavors. lots of reasonably priced wines too. in a city full of great dining, pirouette stands out both for its service and excellent price.the dining room is cozy, but with a second level which seats about five tables looking down on the main area. the service worked hard and constantly navigated the circular staircase, but they made it look easy.the three course dinner was only 38 euro per person, which was an amazing deal. for starters, we had a foie gras and the slow-cooked egg. the egg was a favorite, a warm island of flavor submerged in a cold thick vegetable broth.our favorite main course was the pigeon... so tender!we were told the rice pudding was a specialty dessert, and it did not disappoint.highly recommended! based on food alone i'd have to give this place 4 stars. however, when you factor in the service, the atmosphere, and the effort, it earns 5 stars. it's the kind of menu that you'd find in the best restaurants in the u.s, the service was literally excellent. everything about the place was creative, fun, and friendly. one thing i just remembered is that when i told the waiter i was going to order a bottle of wine, he actually suggested i try one of the wines they had by the glass as he thought i'd like it based on what i had said earlier. it was a mind-blowing bordeaux at $9 a glass... we couldn't have been happier. we came from asia and booked a table a month ahead, requested the most expensive dish on their menu and a bottle of wine. the restaurant was recommended by our french chef friend in bangkok.we cancelled and left the establishment 5 minutes later. why?the restaurant was quite empty at arrival and very few tables reserved (we asked) and the head waiter showed an incredibly low flexibility in arrangements. we asked for a reasonable good table but were placed at the side corner, almost on the street with cars and motorcycles passing less than 10 cm away !!we requested another table but that was totally impossible!!i have seldom seen such an ignorance and attitude.do not visit this restaurants.a good meal consist of good tasting food, good looking food, good environment and a friendly environment with good service.try to learn mes amies.we got below reply from the proprietor and have also a reply to this :jean-marie f, propritaire at pirouette, responded to this review hello,we were waiting for your comment as, evidently, you left the restaurant unhappy that night. we now would like to restore the truth as many points are inaccurate.when you arrived at 7:30 pm, the restaurant was empty this is true. however we were fully booked for the evening. why ? because we strictly limit number of guests to 58 for the whole service and try to spread those 58 throughout the service. we therefore book a number of guests at 7:30, another group at 8:00 etc.when your party of 2 arrived, you requested a table for 4. however i am sure that you can understand we cannot seat 2 people on a table of 4, all the more when we are fully booked.you mention that you were seated less than 10 cm from passing motorcycles. this is a great exageration : our restaurant is situated on a very quiet, 100% pedestrian square. there might be some exceptions with local inhabitants using their car or bike but this is very rare.contrary to what you write, you were offered to choose one of the several 2 seat tables available but you were so obsessed with getting a 4 seat one that you did not even consider these alternative options.to conclude, i would say that it is very unfair and dishonest to give such a bad mark to a restaurant where you have not even tried the food. regards. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxwe are very surprised,indeed!!we arrived close to 20:00 not 19:30we called and changed from 4 to 2 persons a day before.it was almost empty inside and outside when we arrived and e.g. a 4 table across the street had only 2 guests!we were not offered several other tables. one car several mc passed by. we were there, not you. do not call a correct feedback, dishonest and incorrect that is not decent at all.it is not at all what we expect from a proprietor and you were not there!!where were you?we will inform our bangkok chef who recommended your restaurant about our horrible visit and your surprising reply.your food might be good but your attitudes are not acceptable. tk when i found this place that had just opened last year, i had two dinners and two lunches here in less than two weeks. any questions? this is the cutting edge of quality and the limited selection 18 euro lunch menu is a truly amazing value.a friend had a mild criticism in that this restaurant could just as well be in nyc as paris and that could be true. this is not traditional old style french food but i can get that at chez denise on the other side of les halles. what i can not get in another city is this quality at this price. greatest meal i've ever eaten. in my life. hands down!it is beautifully designed. extremely kind, knowledgeable and helpful staff. they were perfectly happy to explain the menu in english for me. love the design of the menu, business cards, logo, etc. the owner came out to greet me at one point, too, asking how everything tasted and how i heard of the place. i said yelp! based on the great reviews. i got the 3 course meal for 40 euros. a steal! so i decided to step it up on the wine selection. anyway, all in all, you will not be disappointed with this place. but be sure to call ahead. like 4 days. its busy for a reason. this restaurant is absolutely fantastic. we found it through yelp because of the great reviews and it really did live up to our expectations. even though we hadn't booked a table and it was saturday night, they moved extremely fast to accommedate us. the service is fantastic and the waitress had a great energy and was all smiles even though she ran so fast. the food is great and the prices fair. do try the profiteroles - they are worth every calorie! by far the best meal in paris! i know this would not have been okay, but it was so good i wanted to lick my plate. my grandparents are visiting next may and i will tell them they have to go. our waitress was amazing and sweet and helped us figure out the menu and recommended a wonderful bottle of bordeaux wine. have your concierge call ahead and make a reservation. it was 38 euro for 3 courses!! reasonable and delicious! couldn't have asked for more for my last dinner in paris!!!	0	1	1	0	1
 one of the best meals i have ever had. the fois gras stuffed quail was to die for and the rhubarb dessert was amazing. worth the price! this was for a november 2013 visit to paris. i made reservations in advance for lunch at 11:30 am. i was at the trocadero in the morning prior to my arrival. it was a bit tricky to find the entrance to the restaurant. you had to go inside a market and go down some stairs to the restaurant. when i arrived, the ambience was what i expected of l'atelier. red and black. i sat at the bar counter and i believed i was the only customer for an hour. i felt like it as a private dining experience. the server was very helpful in trying to explain the dishes that came out. i had the whole fried fish. i enjoyed the lunch and didn't break the bank as much as it would if i had dined at night. a good experience in paris. the restaurant did get crowded around 1:30 pm. some of the reviews for this place were negative, not sure why. it is not an inexpensive place as stated by some in the reviews. if you go for the "chef menu" with a bottle of wine for two people it will be $600 plus. if you are going for the bar area and have one dish it may be around 40 without a beverage. however be prepared of pay some $$$$ here, however it is worth it. this is the original place and this french celebrity chef got his claim to fame by making mashed potatoes, such a simple dish, however i highly recommend that you try these mashed potatoes that are out of this world. the staff is asking to often if you like the food and i can see how that can be a little annoying to some. it is a 3 michelin stars place and it does deserve every star.all dishes were perfect with perfect garnishes and presentations. an amazing experience in the heart of paris. this is my 1000s yelp review and intended to celebrate with an outstanding meal. i timed it just right, did my homework, read the reviews and in the end i was underwhelmed. i suppose that when you pay a very high price for a meal it automatically comes with high expectations. overall they offered good food and service but had a few shortcomings.  so let me list out what was exceptional and what was not. good- did the 180 meat/fish 10 course tasting. very good food. included lobster, cod, and lamb. - most servers speak perfect english. some not so much. - each dish a work of art. - met the chef and they let us into the kitchen area. - the sommelier made a good selection of riesling to pair with the meal. bad- located in a dark cellar. no windows despite being in one of the most picturesque cities in the world. - they sent an email requiring us to confirm our reservation the day before or out risk losing our spot. so i responded with questions about attire and never heard back. - we arrive and they asked us to sit in the waiting area. we sit down.  and 3 seconds later they say they can seat us. did they want to make sure we got our exercise? - menu not available in english - food is very good but ordinary.  it's hard to describe the sensation. it's good. but it's not memorable.  does that make sense?- they do not offer a wine pairing. this restaurant was simply amazing. if you're looking to have a fantastic meal with wonderful service, and spectacular wine look no further. a few highlights; the foie gras is just unbelievable. so was the artichoke. the meat is all unbelievably tender and delicious. the tuna salad was good but i would pass given the chance again next time. overall will be back. i had great expectations for this place but was underwhelmed. i did the chef tasting menu and so did my friend. i asked the server to choose for us but i assumed that we would be getting the same dishes. we didn't so we spent the whole service comparing our dishes and asking if the other wanted a taste instead of finding something that we were both on the same page about. i chose a lunch service but ended up regretting it because the restaurant was in the basement and spending 2-3 in a dark room without any sunlight felt like i wasn't in paris at all. the server we had was also extremely unprofessional for a michelin star restaurant. at the end of the service he asked if he could have my friend's phone number and she was like..what?!definitely not worth the $300 lunch. we were lucky they took a last-minute reservation, especially the day after the election. we got confused because there's no outside entrance, you have to go inside the publicis drigstore and go down a dimmed basement. the feel is more tribeca and less paris, but the food looked and tasted amazing. the black aungus meat was perfectly juiciy and paired with their famous potato puree. my scallop was just a single, almost gigantic deliciously seared scallop that almost melted in my mouth. so good! last dinner in paris and we came down off the arc de triumph. had a nice light red from the loire valley and the tasting menu. so far so good! first two courses were nice. a mouse with foie gras parmesan foam and an egg filled with caviar, deviled. the third course was lobster with a cup of bisque, very nice! next dumplings with wild mushrooms, could have just had the mushrooms. dumplings were fried. pea soup was really green, nice texture though. cod was done nicely for the next course. cilantro dressing. main course was quail stuffed with its liver and the amazing mashed potatoes. missus had the lamb. very good. i found the potatoes a little too creamy for my taste. lastly a strawberry dessert. again not my favorite, but well done. nice and cool and tart. overall a nice tasting menu. the food is so intricately presented. i was jet lagged and slept all day. i walked in with no reservations at 11 pm and they kindly sat my table. i think that was the most pretty food i have ever seen in my life. everything is so fancy but i like to go out to have a real meal. not a meal that looks pretty and i go home wanting to eat another meal. the experience of dining at a fancy restaurant was fun. its a very romantic atmosphere which was perfect since i was there for my honey moon. i would be willing to give it another try. is it wrong to order two meals??? lol i am not made for fancy! this place is in the basement of a drugstore so not easy to find. nice ambience. we ordered le black cod and le burger with sides of mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables. the cod was flaky and yummy. the burger was 2 tiny sliders, topped with foie gras and grilled peppers. super flavorful, rich and juicy. the mashed potatoes are so creamy and heavenly. the best we've ever had! veggies were fresh and good. they end the meal by bringing out madeleines that were quite tasty. overall, you don't get a lot of food for what you pay for. how do you dine at a two star michelin restaurant in europe that only has prix-fixe menus available and leave spending barely over 100 for two people for food and wine? you dine during lunch...ftw! set menus for two people at many highly rated/awarded restaurants in europe can often cost you an arm and a leg during the evening hours, just as you'd expect. if you're on a budget or have a number of these types of places on your list "to try" during a particular visit, lunch may be your best bet. you'll receive the quality of food you are looking for at a very manageable price point. three major pluses when dining here at lunch: 1. eat in peace with your companion without bumping elbows with other patrons or worry if they are listening in to your conversation, because it just isn't crowded during lunch, 2. document your meal without hesitation or reservation -- i'm talking about taking pictures of your food w/o everyone watching you while you do it, and 3. play with probably the most expensive and ornate fuball table in the world in the waiting area and not have to wait to do it.for the lunch menu there were basically just a few options to choose from for the starter, main dish, and dessert. not a problem, it makes decisions easier. my wife and i basically ordered the items that the other didn't. makes sense if you want to try as much as possible. starters were really good. i don't remember what my wife's was exactly but it was slightly better than mine which was the thinly sliced octopus carpaccio. both of our main dishes were excellently prepared, very tender pieces of meat, and were full of flavor. my wife ordered the duck and i, the beef. both meals came with the famous joel robuchon mashed/whipped potatoes, which are really more like whipped butter with some potatoes mixed in somewhere. we watched them work at this dish, painstakingly, the entire time we dined here. at first taste you feel like you are in heaven and can eat an entire drum full of it. reality sets in when you are about 3/4 of they way through and you realize that it's just the right amount for you because it's seriously very rich.desserts were sweet and delicious. we shared a beautifully presented strawberry eclair as well as an apricot-focused dessert. in my opinion, this wasn't our best meal in paris this go-around, but it was certainly a very good one and one that we will remember. 2 stars for the food but the service was absolutely horrible for a michelin restaurant. first off, the waiter took forever to take our order. secondly, the appetizers and main course took almost an hour each. i only give it a 2 star because the food taste was excellent. after we finally finished our appetizers and main course, they did not clean the table and left it messy. they did not even refill our water glasses. i am a huge dessert person and i did not even want to order dessert because i was disgusted by how terrible the service was. will never be coming back to this institution. this was the best dining experience of my life. the tasting menu was 9 courses, each of which was a tasting joy. it started with a gazpacho with a cherry kicker and pistachios. i have had many gazpachos in my 67 years but each add spoonful was amazing. the next course was a salmon tartare covered with caviar and a gold leaf. !!!!! it went on from there. a dining event you should not miss we went for a walk in paris and decided to stop in for dinner. we had an excellent meal, sitting at the counter. no real tables, but watching the acti0on in the kitchen was quite amazing. the kitchen ran flawlessly. we shared several dishes, lobster ravioli, pate of venison, foie gras, flounder and quail with stuffed foie gras sausages. everything was delicious and the service was great. you have to expect to spend some change when coming here, its quite pricey. there are two aspects to this review. the first covers the food and table service, which were excellent. the second was the management of my visit by the restaurant. that started quite badly, but the restaurant staff succeeded in rectifying the situation.we were a group of three. my surrogate son, who lives in london, came to visit me in paris. he had recently become engaged, and brought his fianc with him. we were primed for a terrific evening. he and i chose the tasting menu, and we were not disappointed. the eight courses were all delicious, and worked very well together. our sommelier recommended a chateau lirac, and that was an ideal complement to our menu as well as his fiance's filet mignon. the dishes were modest in size, and were served over three hours, so we ate comfortably as well as enjoyably. our wait staff was highly attentive and pleasant without being intrusive.i phoned the restaurant from the us to make the reservation, and emphasized that i wanted a table. i was assured of getting a table, but told to make the reservation through the web. when we arrived, we were told that we would be seated at the counter because we had made the reservation on the web. i reacted sharply. after a wait, they seated us at a table. i prefer to remember the way they rectified the situation than to dwell on their mistake. anyone reserving from the us needs to be careful about making sure they get a table. amazing! we go there every time we are in paris. where can you get a 3 course meal at a michelin starred restaurant for under 35 ?! if you check out the a la carte menu, some single dishes will already be 30!!!! so the lunch menu is the absolutely winner. the menu changes with the seasons. i have never been disappointing & each time had my socks blown away. biggest highlight is the mash. i know sounds weird to say highlight is the mash, but its true. the best mash you will ever try - whats the secrete you will ask me? and i can tell you, i asked them! 50% potatoes 50% butter !!!! and a dash of milk. i'm dreaming about it, i want it all the time every day! of course the other dishes are also pretty awesome! worth booking as it does get very busy. nice opportunity to sit at the bar and thus be able to see the chefs at work. might want to add the wine is rather expensive - of course that's where they make their money, so it does make sense. but 10 the glass of wine (the white wine was particularity good) when i can find that bottle int he supermarket for 3, mhm.... san pellegrino no. 63 does an exceptional job in executing french cuisine in a simple, yet elegant and contemporary way. being in a world-class restaurants, you anticipate a certain ambiance and aesthetic, and you get exactly that, coupled with outstanding service.luckily i was able to grab a spot with my friend for lunch, and we certainly made the visit count. we started with le pigeon et au foie gras, and black truffle pasta. both really tasty dishes, but the black truffle pasta was especially phenomenal. for mains, le merlan and l'agneu de lait, a succulent whitefish with spring vegetables, and a well-aged medium-rare steak with buttery mash and mixed greens.in terms of taste, you certainly get what you pay for. each dish ranges from 20 to 80 so a few small things do add up, and that's really the only knock i have on l'atelier. otherwise, i definitely recommend having a pure culinary experience here at l'atelier de jel robuchon. an easy five-star. but, go for lunch if you want to get the best deal and rate this five star as easy as me. can't remember how much exactly but i think final bill around 50 euro and you get an excellent meal (man, that carpaccio). i challenge you to find a lunch meal at a 2 michelin star restaurant in paris that is this good and inexpensive. amazing food, wonderful atmosphere. we were extremely well taken care of, and extremely full by the time we left this place. the truffle spaghetti is to die for. yes, yet another review of a jol robuchon establishment that yields an additional 5 stars, well maybe 4.5 but rounded up... this empire of restaurants just continues to amaze with their perfect blend of flavors and amazing attention to detail. my preference within paris is the saint germain location but this particular location amidst the ruckus of the champs lyses is perfect for lunch imho. the lunch tasting menu is an absolute steal for a 2 star michelin rated establishment. it'll cost you roughly 49 per person plus drinks. let me tell you, each and every item was absolutely delicious! tempura mint lobster, whole fried fish, dessert, appetizers just everything was cooked to perfection and prepared with the utmost amount of impeccability that it nearly made you not want to eat anything else, ever. this place provided a nearly perfect lunch and i will definitely return. highly recommended!pros-taste presentationmodernness chefs wine list price for lunch tasting menu options cleanliness service overall ambianceexperience color schemes open kitchen concept foosball large waiting now areagreat layout cons-odd entry through high end convenience store difficult signage from champs lyses can get crowded this is my 4th time dining at a joel robuchon restaurant and it never disappoints. we went for lunch which lasted over 3 hours. food is amazing and presentation outstanding. i'd go back in a heart beat. i discovered joel robuchon at their first 'l'atelier de joel robuchon' location in st-germain des pres (paris) in 2004. despite sampling fine cuisine on various continents, joel robuchon is still my favorite french chef. the close second would be the maison trois-gros, which has a more formal atmosphere and is at a higher price point. the two starred michelin 'l'atelier de joel robuchon' is my favorite restaurant in france for the exquisite and creative cuisine in a relaxing atmosphere and the best service i have experienced at a relatively affordable price. for the quality and the innovation of the starters, entrees and desserts you get, the prices are a steal. i love the subtle layering of flavors exploding in your mouth to create unforgettable memories...joel robuchon's cusine is addictive. i strive to come here whenever i am in paris. i came several times without a reservation and they were fully booked. i explained i flew from abroad and was willing to wait as long as necessary to eat here. the amazing receptionist will always find a way to give me a seat. i never had to wait more than two hours to get in.as i have been a regular, they kindly offered me warm madeleines and some wonderful starters such as the full-sized incredible foie gras raviolis sold normally on the menu during my meal. as i complimented the chef pastry on how delicious those madeleines were, they offered me some warm madeleines to go. none of the three michelin starred restaurants i ever went to did such kind gestures. they will offer you instead items not on the menu with more affordable ingredients, make you tour the kitchen and the garden, give you a cooking book, etc.i love the tapas style of the dishes that let you sample so many diverse superb flavors. i love sitting at the counter admiring the chefs creating magical dishes. the concept of open kitchen is awesome. the smiling and funny waiters were attentive and provide an impeccable service. they have been providing excellent suggestions based on my personal taste and what i already sampled about what is the most interesting to try next on their extensive menu. joel robuchon is labeled the 'french chef of the century' according to the gault and millaud. my husband and i were so impressed by his cuisine that we are planning to fly to las vegas to experience the 'joel robuchon' restaurant there to celebrate our wedding anniversary. we would also try 'l'atelier de joel robuchon' in las vegas to see how it will compare to the one on the champs-elysees avenue. if you were to be in paris, i will strongly recommend you experience french cuisine at its best here for a fraction of what you would have paid at a michelin three starred restaurant. the food was good, albeit overpriced for the quality; and the service was somewhat slow. the night took a turn for even worse when a cockroach scurried on my chair past my shoulder!!! the worst part was the mismanagement by the staff that followed afterwards. our waiter attempted to "kill it" but it ran behind the furniture. the host proceeded to convince us that it was gone and offered a quick sorry and an extra dessert to ease our troubles. we wanted to finish our meal so we asked to move to another table/location for peace of mind that the cockroach won't come back. our waiter profusely stated that is not possible to be moved. the meal was almost finished so we reluctantly stayed to finish out the last courses. however, after one course, we realized the staff was avoiding us and it became increasingly uncomfortable. we decided to cut our meal short and leave. they instead ignored our request and filled our table with meaningless "extras" such as mashed potatoes, extra dessert, and sparkling water (which they ended up charging us for anyway). they "kindly" took off the cheapest item of our 1260 bill, a 60 bottle of wine.if you wanna pay 1200, get bad service, and eat with cockroaches, then this very well may be the place for you. horrible waste of a two michelin star restaurant i was hoping for so much more, obviously without the cockroach. vary various, delicious and pricy menu. i'd say everything is twice or more expensive than in a regular decent parisian brasserie. it's popular to sit at the "bar", right behind which they have an open kitchen and you contemplate all the process of creating your and everybody else's dinner. all cooks are constantly doing something and in a hurry. very fast process. one person is making mashed potatoes all the time, another one - bream carpaccio etc. everybody has his or her objective and task. mashed potatoes goes as a side dish to all orders, by the way, it's soft, creamy and milky. like a good home made mashed potatoes, but nothing much to rave about. they advise to order about 6 plats for two to share, if you're hungry, cause the portions are small. amuse bouche comes in the beginning of course. it was some kind of cappuccino of foie gras with something else. le burger with a duck foie gras is amazing, it's one of the best i've tried. there are two tiny tiny burgers in a portion. for 41 euro, by the way. le ris de veau - sweetbreads - very dainty and soft. le foie de veau (veal liver) very good, lickerish. l'agneau de lait - which is a lamb - soft and flavorful. as well as quail with foie gras. as for seared foie gras with kumquats sauce and blue berries - it was not as exquisite as i thought it would be, i guess that this kind of sour sauce and blueberries weren't exactly matching with the taste of cooked foie. and they brought it cold already, supposed to be still hot or warm at least. there are vegetarian suggestions too. and ready degustation menu set, for about 185 euro per person. the wine list is pretty huge, a lot of cult wines, as supposed to be in the michelin star restaurant. but frustrating was the lack of inexpensive but decent and noble wine, and in general their prices are stiff to pay: sancerre from 100  and higher, and the cost of a glass of wine is almost like price you pay for a whole bottle in the wine store.service was slow and you really have to wait a long time between your ordered dishes. so, it's a delicious brasserie, but too much of show off, pretense and sham. that's what you're paying mostly for i'd say and the michelin star. burger can't cost 20 euros in a michelin starred place:) that's why it's over 40 euros there. and of course customers are mostly tourists looking for exactly this kind of attraction. 44 euros for a three-course prix fix meal from legendary chef joel robuchon? yes please!everything was fantastic, starting with the duck foie gras with the parmesan emulsion on top, followed by the chicken soup. my plat was the beef, which was completely and utterly perfectly tender, but the real winner of that course was the incredible, just incredible, mashed potatoes (which were basically butter with a little bit of potato in them... so, you know, perfect). the dessert was a gorgeous white chocolate mousse. my girlfriend got the beautiful lobster spaghetti and ended with a wonderful cheese plate.the wines were great, of course. we weren't ashamed to order the cheapest glasses because the cheapest are still going to be great at a perfectly curated restaurant with mr. robuchon's name on it.all of the food was perfect, and since there are no tables (aside from the private dining room) and everyone sits around the open kitchen, you can watch the skilled kitchen staff craft the gorgeous foods right in front of you. a wonderful experience. i went for the lunch tasting menu for the incredible deal. the dinner menu isn't nearly as great a deal, but if you can't afford to eat at the restaurant from such a legendary master chef at any seating while in paris, you should jump at the opportunity. they really delighted me with the technique of fish cooking...i tried lamb , cold cod , and sole...then i realize add some sugar stuff with lemon it brings more contract to the tough ..they are very good at timing and the sauce making... it's not cheap but worthy i really hope the restaurant manager reads this as l'atelier de jol robuchon just ended my paris trip on the a sour note along with somewhat ruining christmas.after coming to paris for a long awaited honeymoon, my wife and i decided to make this restaurant one of our last stops in hopes for an excellent meal/experience. instead, we got service that is very stereotypical "parisian". i want to be clear, not all the staff was bad, just two people that we came across.unfortunately, the two people we came across lived up to what many people expect from parisians.so here's the story, we got a reservation for christmas lunch. prior to all of this, i had scheduled a reservation through their online system for dinner. i got an automated response saying the request was received, but never received any confirmation that we'd actually secured the dinner reservation. luckily our hotel staff (very nice and friendly parisians) was able to book us a reservation for lunch over the phone which was what we wanted to begin with.we showed up at the restaurant a few minutes before reservation and were asked to be seated in the waiting area. we ended up waiting approximately 15-20 minutes before actually making it to our seats. no problem here, the host provided us with drink menus which we then proceeded to order two glasses of wine (around 60). wine was brought to us by the host and that was it, never were we asked about how the wine tasted (really not a big deal and just thought about that now).where the meal went downhill was the communication barrier. i am fully aware that we entered a restaurant in paris and i will fully admit that i am not even a remotely capable french speaker, but we have had plenty of encounters of fluent english speakers, especially at the restaurants in this area.basically, the lunch menu includes an option of 44 for your choice of an entree, plat and fromage or dessert. alternatively, there is an option of 84 for your choice of 2 entrees, 2 plats, fromage or dessert, and cafe or tea.i asked the waiter if we could choose the 84 option and share and he proceeded to say yes, but his english was not very good. we then ordered and everything came out as expected, except that we got two desserts (which only my wife picked one of) and then we were asked if we both wanted cafe or tea. this is partially my fault for thinking a fine dining restaurant would give freebies like this. i've gotten long winded so i'll wrap up now.we got the bill (172) expecting it to be around 144. it turns out they charged us for two of the 44 options which did not come with cafe or tea (extra 11 or so) and they charged us 12 for picking a plat option that has a small notation at the end of the description that it would cost extra for picking that specific selection. the entire menu is fully in french, so ordering was not the easiest. the extra 12 charge was never mentioned to us by the waiter who was walking us through the options. when we noticed these unexpected charges, my wife (who speaks a tiny bit of french) went to the host who was also the one that gave us the bill. he was the main culprit of having a less than personable demeanor. he seemed frustrated that he needed to grab a menu to look over where the confusion was. at the end, he basically said he was right and we were wrong.it's just highly disappointing for a restaurant of this supposed caliber to care so little about making the consumer feel more comfortable and welcome.final words... the host that was a male (late 30's possibly early 40's, about 5'10" and a buck-sixty) could take some lessons from the female that we interacted with for a portion of the lunch (possibly early 30's, glasses, nice and helpful). if she makes less than him, she should get a promotion and replace him cause he's unfortunately, "that kind of parisian". love it!!!!! l'atelier de joel robuchon is definitely a stretch for the wallet, but it gladly satisfies all human sensation there is. what's even better is that this is not one of those stuck-up ambience often found in restaurants of this price range, but a transformative trendy + classy bar food scene that lighten your heart, enliven your spirits, and unleash your five senses to indulge in this great french culinary experience. we love coming here and watching the chefs in the open kitchen setup. the food is fantastic and the mashed potatoes are amazing. we kept watching numerous cooks go to the stove to give them a stir throughout our entire meal. the service is not the most friendly but the food is delicious. have you ever had food so good that you find yourself on sensory overload and feeling light headed after your meal? welcome to l'atelier de jol robuchon paris edition. words and pictures could not do justice to the experience and amazement that this restaurant delivers. the prixe fixe meal at only 44 euro is an incredible bargain (and with two glasses of wine the bill should come out to about 75 euros)the staff was incredibly generous in their willingness to make sure i had everything i wanted at all times. the restaurant shares the public drugstore entrance and is right behind the radisson blu (it's a good idea to have your concierge call ahead and make reservations.it goes without saying that i highly recommend the restaurant, and you should go out of your way to eat lunch here at least once during your stay in paris.	0	1	1	0	0
 thanks for the gift! the beef tartar is amazing.. the side is also surprisingly delicious. highly recommend this place to anyone. also heard that this place has been a restaurant since 1680, and it's illegal to renovate the wall outside as stated in the law... why 5 stars? perfectly cooked fish and the best duck my husband has ever had. typical french ambience (aka: cozy, dimly lit) and service, with awesome food. this is the oldest restaurant in paris, opened in 1680. no, that's not a typo. this restaurant is older than the united states, and was over a century old when the french revolution happened.this restaurant serves a 33 three-course menu, which includes and entre, plat, and dessert. the food is very typical french fare - i ordered a poached egg on a carrot bed for my entre, salmon and cod with vegetables for my plat, and a creme brle for my dessert. all three of the dishes were incredible. my personal favorite was the salmon and cod with vegetables. all of the portions for these dishes were huge for france - i thought that they were pretty on par to the amount of food that i would get from a nice american restaurant back home.the decor of the restaurant was filled with old paintings that might as well be from the 18th century. it literally looks like a cozy small house (wonder where they got the inspiration for the name from) inside, with lots of great artwork everywhere. overall, i would highly recommend this restaurant if you have the opportunity to eat here - it's a cool place to show off and say that you've been to the oldest restaurant in one of the best restaurant cities in the world. now this what you call an old school romance. the building dates back to 17th century and so does the charm...and, most importantly, it is supposed to be the oldest restaurant in paris.husband and i were on a short holiday to celebrate his birthday. we made reservations for an old school date night, put on our best, and went to enjoy the experience. the set menus seem to be popular, but you can go with a la carte options as well. as someone obsessed with escargot and terrine de canard, i ordered both starters and enjoyed them equally. the duck leg and thigh in orange sauce were spectacular. we paired our meal with a beautiful sancerre. service was perfect from start to finish and we felt welcomed.this restaurant and food are a classic. we saw some tourists in shorts and hoodies, but i recommend putting on proper dinner attire to match the restaurant's history, charm, and service. don't be that tourist who stands out like a sore thumb in a classy restaurant :)why can't i use the lovey dovey eyes emoji on yelp reviews...it would be perfect here. great place with old decor and great food. one of the oldest restaurants in paris. when we dropped on the whole neighborhood was having a street dinner party! what fun. this was one of the most disappointing meals we've had in our two weeks in france. my duck was chewy, and my wife and daughters all had the sea bream but said their tongues felt odd. overall it was just a blase experience. the service was good and the waiters were very nice. we arrived at our hotel tired and hungry aound 8 pm. the concierge recommended this place and we went. great dinner and bottle of house wine @ 41 euros a head  great meal, well prepared and friendly svc. language not a problem. i loved my dining experience in this historic restaurant. very good service. i had french onion soup, duck breast, and crime brle. all were very delicious. i would highly recommend! for being the oldest restaurant in france, this was awesome!! loved the food, very tasty, location was good. i will definitely come back i was in paris for 5 days and had dinner here twice. it is the best meal i have probably ever had (beef bourguignon, melts in your mouth) and the salmon was also amazing. escargot and the dessert custard with caramel sauce was mouthwatering. highly recommend this charming restaurant. don't miss it. yummy!!! btw: what you can eat here for pre fix price of $36 (3 courses) would be $100 in the us. fantastic. good food, wonderful staff'intimate filled with historymade for a very romantic evening founded in 1680, frequented by artists, musicians and comedians, the food is amazing.  the price is confusing. as the quality is superb. a great deal. excellent traditional french food, but don't be fooled--it is fresh, delicious, and, as of my last visit in july 2016, updated to include fresh vegetables (not something you used to find in french restaurants!). great for business meetings and quiet talking at lunch. romantic, lively and intimate at dinner. the real thing. the food was good but not great. for paris, and for the prices, one expects great. one star was lost for the uninspired food. the other star was lost because the menu posted in the window was not actually the menu available. several of the items on the menu in the window -- the wild boar, the white chocolate mousse, etc. -- beckoned us in but then were not available that day (or even that month). we did not feel comfortable leaving at the point we found that out and stayed but felt the restaurant had pulled a pricey bait-and-switch. the front looks like a little house and drew us in immediately. friendly staff and the most affordable dinner we had in paris. we opted for a bottle of cote du rhone, duck with peaches, and lamb shank. best lamb i've ever had and the duck was incredibly flavorful. highly recommended! the fixed price menus are terrific with lots of choices. we each had the escargot, my wife had the duck i had the lamb. both are meals included potatoes with cheese.  the sauces and gravy was delicious. i like the escargot out of the shell in the ceramic (hot) dish. dipping bread to soak up that garlic is a must. the restaurant was founded in the 1600' and is the oldest restaurant in paris. reservations... a must. the restaurant is moly open a limited number of hours in a day... love this place it's on my paris bucket list. great french onion soup. filet of steak was incredible and sea bass great. app + entree + desert one set price. very reasonable great food great price service very friendly. will return we visited all the paris hot spots and were ready for dinner - now. we were starving and didn't care where we ate as long as it was amazing and memorable.after searching and searching without finding inspiration we decided to pop into a hotel and ask for recommendations. we were given the name of only one restaurant - "a la petite chaise" and were told we could have a reservation. when i asked for more details i was told, "it's french and it's good." (with a french tone that made it clear that i had no right to question).we took our chances and arrived to an empty restaurant. we started with champagne - perfect. next we had the french onion soup. it was honestly one of the things we will remember most about this trip. so good. wow, wouldn't it be great if the whole meal is this good?guess what - the whole meal was that good. we split the citrus salad and we each enjoyed our own main course - veal, cod and lamb. the sauces were just how you would hope a french sauce would be.halfway through our meal the restaurant filled up with a ready crowd. turns out this is the oldest restaurant in paris. who knew? we really lucked out with this special dinner.not cheap but so worth it. just had dinner there tonight. the place is tiny and for that reason we waited to have a 9:15 sitting. we started with the escargot and froid gras, perfection! my husband had the rabbit in mustard sauce and i ordered the duo fish cod/ salmon under a cape of julienne vegetable steam beautifully. this was our first time here and it just happened to be a couples of blocks from our flat on 7th arrondissement. let me just say that after coming to paris for the last 35 years and visiting all the trending spot with acrobatic food displays and incongruous combinations, i much prefer the true and tried. i know the hipsters are always looking for the latest adventures in dining and that's just fine but me, i'll take the usual, well prepared comfort french food anytime!!!! before my trip, i read guides and books about discovering the real paris. i came to la petite chaise after reading a thorough review on david lebovitz's (a californian pastry chef living in paris) website. as he mentioned, the restaurant is one of the oldest in the city and has an unapologetically simple menu. the decor was quaint: pastel wallpaper, floral tablecloth, and a noblewoman poised on a wall watching me eat. sure, it was a little cheesy - au beurre to be more relevant - but the service and the food was phenomenal. the menu has about 5 different classic options for each course; every one of the plates come out looking beautiful. the bread was some of the best we've had in our short trip.it's an upscale restaurant, but don't expect outrageous prices; they are quite moderate. looking around the restaurant, we didn't hear a word of english, which was a very good sign. an even better sign were the older french couples around us eating escargot. upon walking in, they offer to take your coats and assist in putting them on after dinner. servers are older, extremely polite, and welcoming.it was a wonderful experience that i want to have times again. i highly recommend bringing a date or a close travel buddy. thanks for the gift! the beef tartar is amazing.. the side is also surprisingly delicious. highly recommend this place to anyone. also heard that this place has been a restaurant since 1680, and it's illegal to renovate the wall outside as stated in the law... why 5 stars? perfectly cooked fish and the best duck my husband has ever had. typical french ambience (aka: cozy, dimly lit) and service, with awesome food. this is the oldest restaurant in paris, opened in 1680. no, that's not a typo. this restaurant is older than the united states, and was over a century old when the french revolution happened.this restaurant serves a 33 three-course menu, which includes and entre, plat, and dessert. the food is very typical french fare - i ordered a poached egg on a carrot bed for my entre, salmon and cod with vegetables for my plat, and a creme brle for my dessert. all three of the dishes were incredible. my personal favorite was the salmon and cod with vegetables. all of the portions for these dishes were huge for france - i thought that they were pretty on par to the amount of food that i would get from a nice american restaurant back home.the decor of the restaurant was filled with old paintings that might as well be from the 18th century. it literally looks like a cozy small house (wonder where they got the inspiration for the name from) inside, with lots of great artwork everywhere. overall, i would highly recommend this restaurant if you have the opportunity to eat here - it's a cool place to show off and say that you've been to the oldest restaurant in one of the best restaurant cities in the world. now this what you call an old school romance. the building dates back to 17th century and so does the charm...and, most importantly, it is supposed to be the oldest restaurant in paris.husband and i were on a short holiday to celebrate his birthday. we made reservations for an old school date night, put on our best, and went to enjoy the experience. the set menus seem to be popular, but you can go with a la carte options as well. as someone obsessed with escargot and terrine de canard, i ordered both starters and enjoyed them equally. the duck leg and thigh in orange sauce were spectacular. we paired our meal with a beautiful sancerre. service was perfect from start to finish and we felt welcomed.this restaurant and food are a classic. we saw some tourists in shorts and hoodies, but i recommend putting on proper dinner attire to match the restaurant's history, charm, and service. don't be that tourist who stands out like a sore thumb in a classy restaurant :)why can't i use the lovey dovey eyes emoji on yelp reviews...it would be perfect here. great place with old decor and great food. one of the oldest restaurants in paris. when we dropped on the whole neighborhood was having a street dinner party! what fun. this was one of the most disappointing meals we've had in our two weeks in france. my duck was chewy, and my wife and daughters all had the sea bream but said their tongues felt odd. overall it was just a blase experience. the service was good and the waiters were very nice. we arrived at our hotel tired and hungry aound 8 pm. the concierge recommended this place and we went. great dinner and bottle of house wine @ 41 euros a head  great meal, well prepared and friendly svc. language not a problem. i loved my dining experience in this historic restaurant. very good service. i had french onion soup, duck breast, and crime brle. all were very delicious. i would highly recommend! for being the oldest restaurant in france, this was awesome!! loved the food, very tasty, location was good. i will definitely come back i was in paris for 5 days and had dinner here twice. it is the best meal i have probably ever had (beef bourguignon, melts in your mouth) and the salmon was also amazing. escargot and the dessert custard with caramel sauce was mouthwatering. highly recommend this charming restaurant. don't miss it. yummy!!! btw: what you can eat here for pre fix price of $36 (3 courses) would be $100 in the us. fantastic.	0	1	0	0	0
 if you're in paris and looking for great tasting family style dinner for an affordable price this is a great spot ! we ordered (pictured) a bottle of wine appetizers and 2 meals and we only spend 46 euro ! we only gave 4 stars because the service wasn't great and everyone working is rushing around but if you can over look that the food was really good !! (in the photo: don't let the "green face emoji" deter you my husband loved everything i just can't do that texture) don't go for anything here save for the escargot. seriously. it's a running theme in these yelp reviews and i wish i had read them beforehand.pros:the prices are affordabletons of seating place has history (you'll notice the cc logo on the ceiling that chanel stole)cons:no atmosphere - feels more like a french cafeteria or diner. you feel like you're sitting on top of the person next to you since the tables are all pushed up next to each other. at one point, the waiter was showing the people next to us how to eat escargot and his butt was literally pushed up against my shoulder. ambiance...the upsell - if you're not a french speaker, the waiter will immediately direct you to order the local special drink, lillet, and will underline certain menu items. seems helpful until you realize that you've been quickly coerced into ordering drinks and apps you didn't wantthe food - the roast chicken was dry and lacking flavor. such a shame since you can find such good roast chicken all over paris. the fries were old and chewy. the bread was chewy and tough instead of crisp on the outside. my boyfriend's sausage and sauerkraut was ok but the chicken sausage on the plate (there were two kinds) tasted like a cheap hot dog.water - still water for just about 5 euros. we had wanted tap but they brought still and we barely drank a cup. we wanted to take the bottle with us to finish later. the waiter kindly brought the cap, but the manager wouldn't let us leave with the bottle. it has to stay on the table, he said, even tho it was clearly a bottle they had opened just for us. why?? we paid for it and could use the rest rather than wasting it. very odd restriction.overall, this was our last dinner in paris, and boy did we wish we had spent it elsewhere. this is a fantastic spot. it makes the tourist list, but what i love about it is that it is historic. and they do one thing very well- a super affordable, yet authentic french brasserie dining experience.nothing on the food menu i saw was more than 16. the wines were extremely reasonable too. my boyfriend ordered the escargots to start, and the duck for his main. i ordered the steak frites with pepper sauce. i passed on the snails, but tried the duck and it was great! my steak was ok- has better on the trip but for 12 or so it was just right. and the fries were just perfect. definitely recommend going to this iconic restaurant. plan your visit carefully as it can get crazy busy! and be sure to check out the cute gift shop on your way out. food is cheap but not good. dining in feels like a high end fast food restaurant. service was horrible and the waiter knew we were from the u.s. and asked for tips, which never happened during our trip in paris. he was very rush and rude when ordering food and also knocked off our glasses bottle water on the floor. very bad experience!!! this may not happen to everyone but if you get waiter number 21. be careful! an overall "good" experience for paris. not necessarily the culinary creme de la creme but a nice atmosphere. tried escargot for the first time, which was the best part of the meal. the chicken dish my friend had was eh. fish was mediocre at best. i would go again for a cheap bottle of wine, bread and dessert at a parisian "hot spot" the rudest place i have ever been. they wanted to seat us at a table with a column in the middle. i asked for another table. hostess had a hissy fit. said we r sitting face to face, what more could we want. i pointed out we are sitting face to column. i would typically leave at this point. my friend didn't want to make waves :(escargot, had one. ridiculously salty. left the rest. traditional v as stew had no flavor, except for the salt. save yourself the grief, i haven't had a worse french meal anywhere. we came on the first afternoon we landed in paris and arrived just as they opened for lunch. they sat us right next to the serving column. not the best spot considering it was tight in space and they literally just opened with loads of open tables. not the best start. the menu is not entirely extensive, but we knew we wanted escargots. i was not disappointed with the snails. they were really good. the sauce was the best part of it and we used the bread to soak up all the goodness. we've tried escargots from several other places during our trip and this place has the best ones. and that was the only highlight. everything else sucked. no, really, the rest of the meal sucked. to be fair, i also didn't really order "french" dishes, so partly it's my fault. but just because i didn't order typical french dishes, they shouldn't screw up simply spaghetti and roasted chicken. the pasta was overcooked and the sauce was totally bland. the roasted chicken was dry as paper. the entrees were worse than plane food. the waiter's attitude did not help either. i wasn't expecting attentive and catering services since i've seen reviews from people's comments, but one's understanding doesn't make it right. i would advise people to skip this place. your money can be spent on much better quality food with more appreciative staff elsewhere. hard pass on this place. food is cheap and you get what you pay for -- mediocre french food. better off going to a crepe stand if you are trying to save money. they line customers like cattle out in the cold. then they seat you at the same table with other customers -- so at a table for 4 they will seat 2 couples that don't know each other. waiter and management are extremely rude. no concern for health issues. glasses appear dirty. sick waiters cough all over your food. and they apparently recycle their bread from one customer to the next. this place is terrible.the food and the service are the worst. my mom and i dined here on a sunday (most places are closed sundays) the prices are very cheap and the food tastes like it too. with the exception of the escargotthe beer was warm and the food was cold. my mom asked our waitress, "hi! are you my server?" her response was.. "i am a server, not yours."i've been in the service industry for-ev-er.. and i've passive aggressively insulted people, i'm not going to lie. she was super pretty to look at but that doesn't make it okay for her to be such an asshole. amazing food. super cheap. very french. beautiful room. waiters are nice and funny if you play their game.long wait, especially if you are a big group cartier. chartier. holy rail. this place is like the mcdonalds of france. it's cheap. it's good. it's satisfying. it makes you want more. badabababa. but seriously, it's like a communal seating where you literally sit at the same table wth random people. there is a line outside the door but it's not even next tot the door. waiters takes your order on the table and your bill is also on there table. coat storage floats above you. the food portion doesn't seem like a lot but it's plenty. the duck confit is where it's at. lathered with duck fat and oil, the duck was very juicy and moist and the flavor makes me want to lick my lips. the foie gras was very good and compliment the entire meal with a bottle of red wine. when i'm in france, definitely worth the wait in line. i love this place - i was here in the 80's and it's still the same. reasonably priced traditional french cuisine. we had the escargot - turns out i'm not a fan but that's just me - the beef was delicious and the wines were also very reasonable. food is not as expensive as its decoration looks like. the deco is like a classed hotel, while the food is affordable. the majority of the visitors seem like locals. we tried appetizer of escargot (quite blend) and advocado with shrimp(like maioyness), main course of spaghetti bolognese( a bit blend), duck confit with baby potatoes (taste good).and omg i even had dessert of vanilla ice cream with puff and hot chocolate. puff is not to the standard but chocolate is great. we happened upon bullion chartier check on accident. it was right next to our hotel. our server did not speak fluent english, but was very accommodating in attempting to understand our order. we started with duck foie gras and escargot. both were excellent. i had the rump steak and mushroom sauce. other orders at her table included free range chicken normandie veal chop with spaghetti and spaghetti bolognese. always good examples of typical traditional brasserie fare. the atmosphere and decor add to the experience. the prices were very good for paris. all in all well worth the visit. this is a decent spot for tourists who are looking to try some french food. however, as the day gets later, the line does get longer. we waited an hour before we were seated. the escargot is obviously something everyone wants to try on france. it was decent but had a lot of olive oil. the other dishes were ok, nothing spectacular. however, the dishes seemed to be pre-made since our food was brought out to us almost instantly after we had ordered. i would probably not come back again due to the wait. bouillon chartier is an old restaurant in paris that's been around for over 100 years. it was originally intended as a cafeteria for working class individuals that has since morphed into a quick restaurant near the grands boulevards metro station.the atmosphere and the building were super dope - much like the rest of paris, you can really see the history in the architecture of the building and the interior of the dining room. other than that though, the food here was pretty standard french fare.i ordered a steak frites and escargot - the steak frites wasn't particularly fantastic - the steak was a little bit on the tougher side, even though french people cook their meat so rare that it's one step away from breathing.escargot was fantastic. i didn't think i would actually enjoy eating snails, but they have a texture to them that was actually really good to me and paired with the oil/butter, i can see why they have become a delicacy.overall, this is a fairly a-ok restaurant - it's good for everything that you would want regarding french fare at a low price compared to a lot of the other restaurants in paris. i would suggest coming here as a first meal or if you're looking for a quick cheap alternative for lunch or dinner! great french restaurant! it is on reasonable price. the service is also good.come here before 6 o'clock so you don't have to wait so long on the queue.i came with my family and tried many foods. as recommended, the escargot tasted super. beware on the fish, it came with the bones, but it is so tasty. definitely will come again to this restaurant. classic french bouillon more than 100 years old. big, loud and close together. but the prices and the food are great. the place seats 320! the food and service was so good. escargot, bread, wine, wine, wine, duck, veal, steak. this was an awesome find and a must go to in paris. i'm here for six days and i will take the metro back. [i'm puzzled by the negative reviews here. note for visitors and fellow yelpers: the concept of service in france is entirely different from what it is in the us. unless you are in a michelin-starred restaurant, the purpose of service is... to serve the food you asked for. waiters are busy and overworked, and not there to give you individualized attention. you can ask for a recommendation on the menu, but do not expect constant "is everything ok" and such; if you need something, just get the waiter's attention.]i was born in france and lived there my whole life, and was looking for an arch-traditional restaurant to show a friend classic french cuisine -- not an easy thing! mastering the classics is no longer de rigueur in today's fusion-crazed food world. i found the bouillon chartier after extensive research and discarding many famous and beautiful but culinarily disappointing institutions (maxim's, procope, etc.).located in an unremarkable area and hidden from view, the bouillon is a gorgeous 130 year-old wooden marvel, with brass highlights, large surrounding mirrors, red and white tablecloths and waiters scurrying about in aprons. the food arrived quickly and did not disappoint -- the flavors were as authentic as it gets. we had the escargot (delicious aromatic butter), roast chicken (much better than most chicken you'll find in us restaurants, with dark sections and flavor), andouillette (love it or hate it, but try it! wonderfully browned on the inside, and full of meaty textures), pat maison (exceptional! my favorite thing that day), a great and inexpensive bottle of ros, some lillet, cognac, pastis, cheeses, and puff pastry with whipped cream -- for 60 euros! most items are less than 12 euros, with many entres less than 5. the menu is in french only at the restaurant, but is in english online. otherwise, use your dictionary or google it! gets very busy at night, but is less busy at lunch. no reservations. if you're in paris and looking for great tasting family style dinner for an affordable price this is a great spot ! we ordered (pictured) a bottle of wine appetizers and 2 meals and we only spend 46 euro ! we only gave 4 stars because the service wasn't great and everyone working is rushing around but if you can over look that the food was really good !! (in the photo: don't let the "green face emoji" deter you my husband loved everything i just can't do that texture) don't go for anything here save for the escargot. seriously. it's a running theme in these yelp reviews and i wish i had read them beforehand.pros:the prices are affordabletons of seating place has history (you'll notice the cc logo on the ceiling that chanel stole)cons:no atmosphere - feels more like a french cafeteria or diner. you feel like you're sitting on top of the person next to you since the tables are all pushed up next to each other. at one point, the waiter was showing the people next to us how to eat escargot and his butt was literally pushed up against my shoulder. ambiance...the upsell - if you're not a french speaker, the waiter will immediately direct you to order the local special drink, lillet, and will underline certain menu items. seems helpful until you realize that you've been quickly coerced into ordering drinks and apps you didn't wantthe food - the roast chicken was dry and lacking flavor. such a shame since you can find such good roast chicken all over paris. the fries were old and chewy. the bread was chewy and tough instead of crisp on the outside. my boyfriend's sausage and sauerkraut was ok but the chicken sausage on the plate (there were two kinds) tasted like a cheap hot dog.water - still water for just about 5 euros. we had wanted tap but they brought still and we barely drank a cup. we wanted to take the bottle with us to finish later. the waiter kindly brought the cap, but the manager wouldn't let us leave with the bottle. it has to stay on the table, he said, even tho it was clearly a bottle they had opened just for us. why?? we paid for it and could use the rest rather than wasting it. very odd restriction.overall, this was our last dinner in paris, and boy did we wish we had spent it elsewhere. this is a fantastic spot. it makes the tourist list, but what i love about it is that it is historic. and they do one thing very well- a super affordable, yet authentic french brasserie dining experience.nothing on the food menu i saw was more than 16. the wines were extremely reasonable too. my boyfriend ordered the escargots to start, and the duck for his main. i ordered the steak frites with pepper sauce. i passed on the snails, but tried the duck and it was great! my steak was ok- has better on the trip but for 12 or so it was just right. and the fries were just perfect. definitely recommend going to this iconic restaurant. plan your visit carefully as it can get crazy busy! and be sure to check out the cute gift shop on your way out. food is cheap but not good. dining in feels like a high end fast food restaurant. service was horrible and the waiter knew we were from the u.s. and asked for tips, which never happened during our trip in paris. he was very rush and rude when ordering food and also knocked off our glasses bottle water on the floor. very bad experience!!! this may not happen to everyone but if you get waiter number 21. be careful! an overall "good" experience for paris. not necessarily the culinary creme de la creme but a nice atmosphere. tried escargot for the first time, which was the best part of the meal. the chicken dish my friend had was eh. fish was mediocre at best. i would go again for a cheap bottle of wine, bread and dessert at a parisian "hot spot" the rudest place i have ever been. they wanted to seat us at a table with a column in the middle. i asked for another table. hostess had a hissy fit. said we r sitting face to face, what more could we want. i pointed out we are sitting face to column. i would typically leave at this point. my friend didn't want to make waves :(escargot, had one. ridiculously salty. left the rest. traditional v as stew had no flavor, except for the salt. save yourself the grief, i haven't had a worse french meal anywhere. we came on the first afternoon we landed in paris and arrived just as they opened for lunch. they sat us right next to the serving column. not the best spot considering it was tight in space and they literally just opened with loads of open tables. not the best start. the menu is not entirely extensive, but we knew we wanted escargots. i was not disappointed with the snails. they were really good. the sauce was the best part of it and we used the bread to soak up all the goodness. we've tried escargots from several other places during our trip and this place has the best ones. and that was the only highlight. everything else sucked. no, really, the rest of the meal sucked. to be fair, i also didn't really order "french" dishes, so partly it's my fault. but just because i didn't order typical french dishes, they shouldn't screw up simply spaghetti and roasted chicken. the pasta was overcooked and the sauce was totally bland. the roasted chicken was dry as paper. the entrees were worse than plane food. the waiter's attitude did not help either. i wasn't expecting attentive and catering services since i've seen reviews from people's comments, but one's understanding doesn't make it right. i would advise people to skip this place. your money can be spent on much better quality food with more appreciative staff elsewhere. hard pass on this place. food is cheap and you get what you pay for -- mediocre french food. better off going to a crepe stand if you are trying to save money. they line customers like cattle out in the cold. then they seat you at the same table with other customers -- so at a table for 4 they will seat 2 couples that don't know each other. waiter and management are extremely rude. no concern for health issues. glasses appear dirty. sick waiters cough all over your food. and they apparently recycle their bread from one customer to the next. this place is terrible.the food and the service are the worst. my mom and i dined here on a sunday (most places are closed sundays) the prices are very cheap and the food tastes like it too. with the exception of the escargotthe beer was warm and the food was cold. my mom asked our waitress, "hi! are you my server?" her response was.. "i am a server, not yours."i've been in the service industry for-ev-er.. and i've passive aggressively insulted people, i'm not going to lie. she was super pretty to look at but that doesn't make it okay for her to be such an asshole. amazing food. super cheap. very french. beautiful room. waiters are nice and funny if you play their game.long wait, especially if you are a big group	1	0	1	0	0
 i love this place! it is my favorite restaurant in all of paris. i came here twice in the summer of 2016, and once more this summer in june. the food is absolutely amazing. this place offers authentic french cuisine with amazing service. :) please do not be deterred by the wait for food because everything is homemade. take the time to talk to your friends while you wait for the food, or sip on some wine. the servers are very attentive from the moment you walk in to the moment they open the door for you as you leave. they give great recommendations for wineof the times i've been, i have had for appetizers: the traditional onion soup and foie gras (my favorite!). for the main dishes: i really enjoyed the cte de boeuf for 2 as it came out on a hot sizzling plate so even though it was more rare than the medium rare i expected, i could cook it a little to my own liking.i absolutely loved the ambiance of the restaurant, it's very cozy. it really is a treasure in a somewhat rough neighborhood. be sure to make a reservation ahead of time, especially if you are coming with a big party! sometimes, they may be able to squeeze a party of 2-3 if you didn't make reservations. wow, ok? just wow.wonderful place! we saved it for our last night in paris (also my wife's birthday) and we were glad we did.splendid food, amazing service.examples: we walked in at the appointed hour. another couple walked in right behind us and because i held the door open for them they walked in front of us and asked to be seated. they had a reservation too, but the matre d' said, "the couple behind you were here first, so sorry," and seated us immediately at our choice of tables. we didn't have to ask. (i'm sure i wouldn't have done so on my own!) he had his eyes open and did exactly the right thing. we were brought a carafe of water (no pushing bottled water!). when it was 2/3 depleted the waiter came by, grabbed it and instantly replaced it with another. he did this three more times.the matre d' also handled tabled. he'd take someone's order and then go back and shout the details to the folks in the kitchen. since we were near the open(ish) kitchen, we could hear him. after putting the order in, he actually thanked the kitchen staff! politesse. and class. the bread was the best we had in france this trip. perfect. it came with butter, a rarity in france unless you ask.this is french food, but their specialty is steak. i had the entrecte. my wife had the fillet. both splendid. the steaks came with three sauces: a sweetish sauce made of caramelized shallots, a roquefort sauce, and a pepper (au poivre) sauce. they were all terrific. the steak came medium rare as we asked. perfectly cooked.my dessert was a fantastic crme brle. my wife had a kind of chocolate souffl called a moelleux au chocolat. the outside was firm, the inside soft and warm. both desserts were exquisite.if i could give six stars i would.get a reservation! the place is small, maybe 12 tables. you would be very lucky to walk in, at least on a busy summer night. and if you don't reserve, by all means try. but for heaven's sake don't complain if you are turned away! these folks operate on a tight margin with so few tables. they can only handle so many people. dining is a two-hour long experience. empty tables a half hour before closing are part of the plan. it's amazing that some people don't get this.  do make that reservation. you will be thanking me and the others who have rated this place so highly. great food! free water. this was absolutely one of the best meals i had in paris. the escargot was the best i've ever eaten. my daughter and i split the flank steak and it was delicious. my sister had the sea bass and it was very good. for dessert we tried the flaming apple pie. it was good, but the pastry needs to be improved. excellent service. you can tell they cook with love. our last night in paris was spent walking around sacree coure so we made reservations at sacree fleur for dinner. this place is located in a rather shady area with closed businesses, graffiti and empty warehouses. i say this so you don't think your in the wrong neighborhood. it is a diamond in the rough.one of the bigger restaurants we visited during our stay in paris. what i mean by that is the tables were spacey and there was room to walk around. you must make reservations. on saturday and sunday you cannot dine at all without one.i started with the onion soup which was delicious. one of the best i have ever had. then we ordered - cte de boeuf d'1 kg which is ribeye steak with the bone still in. it was about 60 but was for two to share. we ordered it medium and it came out a little more raw than we like. but... it came out on a sizzling coal plate. we were able to cook it to our liking right there on the table. perfect! the flavor was outstanding and the three sauces provided were similar to brown gravy, spicy brown gravy and a sweeter sauce. all were delicious.the staff was curious, kind and the food came out very quickly! this place deserves 5/5 because they know what they are doing and do it well! restaurant which highlights supposedly quality beef.went with a reservation for 6 guests on 9-19-17.ordered two ctes de buf; one 1kg and one 1.5kg.the cooking selection was reversed from our order.one was supposed to be "saignant" and the other one " point". we did not mention it but the meat for both ctes was not tender; full of fat and gristle. (we had a perfect cte de buf at semilla several days before).disappointed with this restaurant. did not live up to the reviews. service was brusque overall. best steak i've ever had in my entire life! make sure you have a reservation here, they only have about 10 tables. luckily my boyfriend and i were able to sneak in because another table didn't show up. get the 2kg steak and split it. it's phenomenal. this was easily our favorite meal while in paris. everything from service to food to wine was incredible. the owner and his cousin, our server, went above and beyond to make our visit enjoyable. definitely make a reservation and go here! did not realize how popular this restaurant was when we selected it but they were able to quickly accommodate our party of 4. the restaurant is on the smaller side and it seemed like they had a few reservations so i was happy with this. the waiters are kind and knowledgeable. they choose some great wines for us to try. the food is amazing!! we ordered the duck, the steak, the frog legs, the escargot and the meats for 2. i can't remember how to write it in french. everything was cooked to perfection. portion sizes were big and i felt we got a lot of food for the price. i think our total bill for 4 was around $135. this place is def worth going to after our most recent visit to paris we stayed in montmarte, we ate at several different restaurants around the area and we save this one for our last night before we left. the onion soup was delicious, the escargot it was delicious, i had the ribeye and it was cooked perfect and the seasonings were perfect, my wife had the onglet, which i finished, and it was awesome. neither of us really ate too much of the fries, we were both focused on the stage. we had the orange crepe flamb for dessert which i would highly recommend. single best steak i have ever had. i had the entrecote. comes with fries and three delicious sauces but the real prize is the sea salt they give you on the side. the steak and salt was all i needed for an unbelievable steak.the snails are also phenomenal. cooked in cream do you know they're good for you and definitely don't miss out on sopping up the excess sauce with the bread.overall a fantastic dining experience. located very close to the gare du nord this is extremely convenient for those taking the late train back to london. had dinner here with my wife and sister in law. the escargot were beautiful and the frogs legs cooked perfectly. main course was liver and mushroom and again was perfect. for your basic aussie it was a wonderful experience and i recommend it to everyone. service was excellent with friendly and attentive waiters. give it a go my husband and i came here for lunch after spending the morning at montmartre and sacr-cur. i'm not really a fan of red meat, but my husband is a steak connoisseur, so i picked this place for him due to the great reviews on ta. i ordered the frog legs and escargot, and he ordered the entrecte. all i can say is wow. everything was delicious. i had a few bites of his steak and i think i regretted not getting one myself! it was pretty much one of, if not, the best steak we've ever had. perfectly cooked and amazing flavor. my husband was a happy man.the service was wonderful and our server was really nice. very small place, cute and cozy atmosphere. great value for excellent food. not in the best area, but definitely worth the trip. we will definitely come back next time we are in paris. i searched the 18th to find a great place for my honey's 50th birthday dinner and i think i had one of my best meals here... the restaurant was very country cozy and had a rustic vibe to it. i started with the escargots which were amazing and he had the french onion soups. my escargots were cooked perfectly with a light cream sauce. boyfriends soup could have been a little more onion and cheese, it was a little brothy. for the entree. i ordered the lamb and he had veal with mushrooms. both cooked to perfection and nicely served. crime brullee was fantastic. amazing meal with 2 appetizers,main course, desert, bottle of wine and coffees 100 euro... omg! found this gem while in town for business with 3 colleagues. we new we wanted to go to monmarte so i cross referenced restaurants in the neighborhood by using yelp, google, and tripadvisor. my first two choices were closed on monday. thank goodness! service was v friendly and prompt. the escargot appetizer was amaze. loved the duck confit and creme brulee. colleagues loved their fois gras, herring, steaks and fish. everyone truly loved it and enjoyed themselves. highly recommend for small, french setting, and amazing traditional french food. will be back next time i'm in paris!!! i found this little restaurant through a combination of searches on yelp, trip advisor, and google. i'm very happy that i did because this is a gem of a restaurant with excellent food, great service, and a wonderful ambience. my dining partner and i absolutely loved this place!the restaurant is tucked away in an area that is not a typical tourist area and has just a hint of "sketchiness." don't let that even be a consideration though. we had made reservations via email and replies to my initial inquiry as well as subsequent inquiries were prompt and friendly. i wrote in english and i got replies in english.our reservations were for 7 pm on a saturday evening. we arrived promptly at 7 pm via an uber taxi, and when we entered the restaurant, it was empty except for the staff. we were given a friendly greeting and offered to sit wherever we chose. we wanted to get a good view of the entire restaurant (which isn't very big) and the kitchen, so we chose a table at the back near the kitchen. i'm really happy we did that.the menu was in french but easy enough to figure out...although, we asked our waiter to bring an appetizer that he thought was their very best. he selected the escargot. it was very different than escargot i have had in the past. it was served in a heavy sauce that was delicious.we did the same with the wine. the waiter selected a nice mdoc bordeaux. my partner and i very much enjoyed it.for our main courses, we again asked the waiter to select what he thought were the two best dishes, and just as with the appetizer and wine that he selected, we were very happy with his choices. both dishes were excellent.naturally, we asked our waiter to select desserts and once again he picked two winners: crme brle and flaming orange crepes with grand marnier. both were outstanding.the owner poured a couple glasses of a nice dessert wine for us, which didn't show up on the check. i don't know what it was but it was very good.finally, we had coffee, and it too was good.last but not least: the check was very, very reasonable for the feast we had. that was the icing on the cake!it is not often that everything from the reservation to paying the check and walking out go so flawlessly. this was one of those times. i have no doubt that many people who dine here have that experience. i hope you do too!very highly recommended! wow. this was as good as i'd hoped it to be - meat lover's paradise. we got the steak for two and i got a rumpsteak for myself - comes with three sauces: bleu cheese, shallot and pepper. the two person portion was really nice - we ordered it rare and it came on a hot marble plate so it could continue to cook in case you wanted it to. there was also a huge side plate of potato wedges on a skillet. also, just to make you feel less guilty for eating all that meat, you get a nice mixed vegetable salad with balsamic dressing. for dessert (if you can handle it) they have quite a few suggestions. i loved my brioche french toast style - yum! my friend got the apple tart - it comes on fire! :) we were extremely excited for dinner here but failed to make a reservation. it wouldn't have been a big deal but we were rudely told no way we were eating there and basically forced out the door while there were open tables. we would have come back another night but definitely will not now. wow! i was very impressed with this place. on my recent trip to paris with my partner, i decided to take him out for a nice dinner. i emailed the location for reservations and received a personal response within 15 minutes (unfortunately they were booked). the manager recommended that we come by anyway and so we did! after pushing our way through the busy streets of the barbes area, we arrived at this small, yet delightful place. colorful with brick and pictures of cows, we knew it would be a great experience. we ordered the cote de boeuf for two (58) with a bottle of wine (28). my partner ordered the goat cheese appetizer (9), he did not love it as the aged goat cheese was very strong and...barnyardy? i had the foie gras (14) which was delicious. the steak and accompanying frites, sauces, and salad were delicious. we were so pleased. we finished off the meal with a shared creme brulee (7). the check came to euro 116, which was well worth it. i recommend. extremely helpfull and pleasent staff. excellent english, the evening in visited. it is a small place and the tables are fairly close to each other, but i think it's normal in paris. we had delicious steak and fish. and a hot chocolate cake as desert. together with 3 glasses of wine (in total), the bill was 69 euros. made reservations and came based on a friend's recommendation. arrived a few minutes earlier than reservation but they sat us right away. service was awesome, and food was even better! we started off with the onion soup - the broth was perfect savory heaven with cheese that doesn't overpower the soup! the thin piece of bread between the soup and cheese was my favorite touch to the dish. i fell for this place immediately after the soup. i got the onglet (flank) and my boyfriend had the filet de boeuf. we both really liked our order which came with a large side of potato wedges that we shared. my flank was cooked medium rare perfectly and guys... the best part of this meal were the sauces for our steak!!! i couldn't pick a favorite but they each tastes delicious with the flank - you've got to try it! i finished the meal with the quickness! the salad was a good balance for the heaviness of the meal too. we ended our meal with creme brle - which of course was delicious too! (creme brle anywhere is good in paris imo haha). i would come back here in a heartbeat and highly suggest beef lovers to go to! and one more awesome thing about this place..they're super reasonably priced! between my boyfriend and i, our bill came out to be 66 (~$76). not bad, not bad at all! as you can see, i'm a huge fan and highly recommend :) reservations is a must through email! if you are a meat lover like i am, you will love sacree fleur! my boyfriend and i shared the cte de boeuf d'1 kg(2 people portion) and were stuffed like pigs after. i'm glad that we didn't get any appetizers although i was tempted to. it came with a big portion of quality steak and we chose for it to come out rare, but it does come out on a sizzling plate so you can choose to cook it more if you like. the steak came with 3 dipping sauces and salt. my favorite was the caramelized onion dip, which was sweet and paired nicely with the steak. i also enjoyed the gravy dip, and not so much for the third one. the meal also came with fries, which i didn't touch, but my boyfriend picked away at, and yummy bread. i definitely recommend this restaurant if you are in paris! the warmest staff, down home french cooking and attentive service. we had the frog legs, the filet and i had the veal with mushrooms--i pretty much won the meal outright with that veal. for two people, drinks, coffee, dessert, an app and 2 entrees... at 85 euro it's a steal. back home in san francisco, it might have been double. a classically great bistro. we will return! i happened to be staying a couple of blocks from this place, and it came up on yelp as the best steakhouse near me, so i figured i'd give it a shot.i had the onion soup and the beef filet. the soup was delicious, not too salty like some places in america make it; it had the perfect amount of flavor. the steak was reasonably priced, the perfect size for my appetite, and also delicious. it was cooked perfectly and the sauces it came with were great. i would highly recommend it. the neighborhood is a bit rough around the edges, which can probably leave you feeling a bit skeptical to look for it. but if you do and you enjoy simple cooking with delicious clean taste then this is probably a place for you. as soon as you sit down you will notice by the decor, the staff and the atmosphere that there is nothing less but professionals here ( i wish the surround places can learn from them a bit) as long as you're curtious and polite (greet with a smile and don't dress like a bum) you'll receive a warm welcome and be able to add a delicious meal to the memory. btw, we had the cote de brought that comes with side of thick french fries and arugula salad with balsamic vinegar dressing and bread. i would definitely come back here again if in neighborhood. overall, i think our expectations were higher based on what we had read. i can't blame the restaurant, but as is in many places in paris, the traffic is horrible so if you go by car you will sit in plenty of traffic, so take the metro when possible. it has the feel and quality of a nice neighborhood type of brasserie more than upscale dining. the dishes were mostly simple, but well done with no complaints. based on the prices, we expected the dishes to have just a little more flair. if you live in the area or are visiting in the area we would recommend, if you are staying in central paris it's not worth the trip, you can find other places closer at the same prices without the hassle of the trip. this place is everything and more. when you think of classic french food this is the place the will deliver high quality, fairly priced food without the snotty, arrogant waitstaff that are so characteristic of paris. this place is likely quite a bit out of the way if you are a tourist in paris, as it is in the mainly locals neighborhood of montmarte. the street it is on does not look like much, but do not be discouraged! if you want to dine here (and believe me you really should if you can) you must make a reservation. this restaurant has less than 15 tables and therefore is booked solid any day of the week. in order to book a table you need to email the owner and he will tell you the available times. when you come here make sure to order their beef, it is their house specialty and really is uniquely delicious. good restaurant tucked away in the backstreets.staff was great - friendly and accommodating.you could tell the food was fresh and prepared expertly, but the food was a little lacking in flavor beyond the natural ingredients. i had the ribeye, friend had the filet. also tried the frog legs, but would recommend the french onion soup.highly recommend making reservations - a definite go-to if it's convenient, but not something to plan your day around or go to great lengths for a reservation. i've been to paris many times and i always love the cuisine. this restaurant caught my eye while doing research before my last trip so i decided to make a reservation (i recommend you try to book a week ahead). it was my honeymoon, and the owner sat us at a cute table and gave us 2 glasses of champagne on the house (hardly ever happens in france).. the owner takes great pride in his good and customers satisfaction. the frog legs, duck, and steak were absolutely fantastic. if you're in paris and you don't try this restaurant you're missing out on a great meal. this was definitely delicious and a reservation is definitely recommended. i was lucky enough to live a block away and swung by one night to see if they had any free tables, lucky for my partner and i, there was!the starter was a cheese puff pastry salad w/ sprouts. each of the cheese puffs were different, i wish i knew! we each had one and shared the third. they had varying degrees of sharp flavors, but each were baked/fried perfectly in a bed of delicious pastry. the salad was okay, but the main star was of course the pastries. each steak comes with a small salad with balsamic and then a frying pan of fries on the side. for dinner i had a cut i wasn't sure of and my partner had the fillet mignon. her's was smaller, but more delicious and tender. while my steak was larger, it was a bit too chewy and fatty for me. what surprised me was that both steaks came out with 3 sauces. in my past experiences, usually this is not the case when you order steak because they want you to enjoy the flavor. i guess because the steak wasn't aged and even though we had ordered medium rare, the steak sauces (mustard, peppercorn, and a sweet shallot/onion style) were a good touch. as i mentioned, mine was a bit too fatty so i used the onion and peppercorn one often enough.based on her dish, i'd give it a 5, but based on mine, i'd give it a 4. either way. definitely good steak, but not the best i've had. if you are looking for a scrumptious meal at a fair value you have got to try this place. it's a small, intimate restaurant with nice ambiance and fabulous staff. the food choices were plentiful with something for everyone and each dish was excellent. just make sure you have a reservation otherwise you may not get in! though busy, the staff never made us feel rushed. we were able to thoroughly enjoy our evening. we even engaged in light conversation with a lovely couple at the table next to us! highly recommend. if we lived here this would definitely be a fan favorite.	1	0	1	0	0
 my wife and i decided to wrap up a wonderful trip to france by experiencing guy savoy's 3-michelin star cuisine at his new location in the former paris mint.prior to going to paris i had read numerous reviews and articles about the city's numerous michelin-starred options. i finally decided upon chef savoy's because of stellar reviews and the fact that he personally is in the kitchen. l'arpge was also under consideration but i felt it leaned more towards vegetables and i'm more of a meat/fish and game eater.from the moment you pass through security into the paris mint, you know you're in for a memorable evening. you climb a magnificent red-carpeted staircase to find yourself on a non-descript landing. the unmarked door to the restaurant is in a corner, and as you approach it, it automatically swings open and a receptionist is there to greet you.upon being seated, we were offered champagne by the glass, which we enjoyed while perusing all the numerous menu options. we settled on the tasting menu in order to sample the wide range of dishes upon which chef savoy has built his reputation. before we knew it, chef savoy came to our table to welcome us to his restaurant and he was very kind and inquisitive - where were we from, how long were we in paris, etc. he was kind enough to take some photos with us before dinner was served.the experience began at 8pm and we were there until 1am. the oysters and caviar were out of this world...as were the pigeons and wonderful bowls of black truffle and artichoke soup. want another black truffle brioche to wrap up your soup? just ask! at guy savoy the staff goes out of their way to please.my wife prefers moscatos, while i prefer reds. the sommelier was wonderful enough to do pairings with every 2-3 dishes based on our preferences. i swear once wine passes the threshold of guy's restaurant it transforms into something special...some of the best i've ever tasted.the cheese and dessert courses came with all-you-could-eat helpings from a cheese and dessert cart, alongside the dishes guy prepared for you. baked plum compote, macarons, chocolates and camembert...all were fantastic.at 1am our waiter hubert showed us all the other dining rooms which have antiques and works of art proudly displayed next to all of the michelin accolades.hubert took photos of us, gave us an entire menu to take home as a souvenir and allowed us a quick peek into the kitchen.on our way out, we were given two fresh brioches to enjoy for breakfast the next day.it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience and i cannot recommendation guy savoy lamonnaie enough. just go! probably my favorite lunch ever - it started with the amuse bouche of medley of vegetable followed by an appetizer of four gras, mushroom and chicken terrain with toasted bread and my husband got a delicious oysters - they were marinated one with lemon and other with oyster jelly and herb granita which he enjoyed a lot.main course for me was a dry ice seared salmon with herb jelly, bokchoy and lemongrass broth - i quiet enjoyed the salmon and the lemon caviar were amazing since they just popped in my mouth with this freshness or tartness and my husband ordered braised lamb with root vegetables which he enjoyed a lot as well.palate cleanser was a peach mousse with the herb gelato which was to die fordesserts - the most amazing part of the lunch was the desserts, they started with the chocolate cake with the mousse and the chocolate ice cream was heavenly and my husband ordered a peach muesli which was delicious as well, later they brought the tray of dessert and you can choose what you like - i had raspberry cheesecake, chocolate tart, macaroons with capacchino coffee. everything was amazing and couldn't have asked for anything more. the chef savoy came outside to greet us and also signed the menu for us... we were owe stuck !! most amazing experience in our life.. i came here for dinner while visiting paris, and i can safely say that this was the best meal i have ever eaten in my life. each course was amazing, and by some miracle they all seemed to be more delicious than the previous course.we did the tasting menu, which i highly recommend. we had a special "five senses" finger food, oyster with granita, sabayon with caviar and potato chips, lobster surprise, a delicious bonus dish with mushrooms and mussels, the famous artichoke and truffle soup (not to be missed), john dory fish, and i had red mullet while my boyfriend had pigeon. (they were able to alter the menu for me since i eat seafood but not meat or poultry.) then came the cheese course, where they served us a few selected cheeses, and then we were given the option of choosing our own additional cheeses from the unbelievable cheese cart, which of course we did. then the desserts! an apricot pastry concoction followed by an amazing dark chocolate dessert, then a dessert cart brought by our table in case we wanted more. even after that we received some gourmandises and a little treat under our cup of tea. and of course all of our wine was delicious. amazing experience - it isn't hard to see why this place was rated 3 star michelin. from the moment we walked in, everyone was very professional and we we were even greeted by guy savoy himself. the coat check lady took our coats and shopping bags and didn't even need to give us a ticket for pick up. at the end when we came to the front, she saw our faces, went to the back and brought our all our stuff. i've never been to any restaurant that does that!as for the food, every dish was thought out, well seasoned and beautifully plated. my favorite was the lobster dish where they poured hot water through the cracks on the side of the plate and the steam engulfed the lobster in the middle, but every dish had its own intricacies and were all very good. near the end they rolled out the cheese and dessert cart, but we were both so full we could only sample a few even though everything looked so good!this place would be great place to celebrate a special occasion. the meal itself took almost 4 hours so make sure to leave ample time! our truly spectacular dining experience began, in the restaurant, with a welcome from all of the staff at reception, along with chef guy savoy himself. that sort of personal touch goes a long way to making diners feel like more than just another pair of customers, and we thank you, chef savoy and staff. alas, the wi-fi was not connecting me to the internet, so i was not able to check in on yelp, but the photos verify, we were there. we had landed in europe at charles de gaulle on saturday morning, around 8:20 local time, and spent much of our day catching up on sleep, as we'd done an overnight flight from new york on air france. this is all about our lives as foodies, and we're eating in a different and spectacular restaurant each of the fifteen nights we'll be here; in france, germany, and belgium. for our first meal, we couldn't have chosen a better place! we've eaten at guy savoy in las vegas, which also was wonderful, but the restaurant in paris was even more amazing. not one dish was ordinary or just really good, all were great, and fabulous. definitely among the best fish we've ever had was our portion of the huge turbot they brought out and showed to everyone before it was dissembled and prepared for our meals. the menu:couleurs, textures et saveurs - 395(menu servi pour l'ensemble des convives)l'hutre concasse, granit algue et citron surprise de homardcaviar, l'uf en sabayon fumdes lgumesun morceau d'norme turbot cuisin tout simplementsoupe d'artichaut  la truffe noire, brioche feuillete aux champignons et truffespigeon grill au barbecue, les petits pois, jus aux abats,  la manire de loniesaint-nectaire, la crote et le champagne en geleou fromages affinsau tour de la rhubarbe et jus d'hibiscusl'crin de chocolat noirchariot des glaces, sorbets, les bocaux et biscuits d'autrefois- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -my effort at a translation of their french menu:crushed oysters, seaweed and lemon granitelobster surprisecaviar, smoked sabayon eggvegetablesa piece of enormous turbot cooked simplyartichoke soup with black truffle, flaky brioche with mushrooms and trufflespigeon grilled on the barbecue, peas, rendered juice of organs, in the manner of loniesaint-nectaire, crust and champagne in jelly (this is a semi-soft washed rind cow's milk cheese from a region named auvergne)or { although we had both }ripened cheesesrhubarb, and hibiscus juicedark chocolate boxice cream trolley, sorbets, jars of rice pudding, and biscuits of yesteryearplease don't think of bringing children here, at least not until they qualify as "young adults" who behave well, as instructed by adults. my experience at guy savoy was beyond anything i have or will ever experience again. the service, meal, champagne, wine, sensation of the senses... it was all beyond exceptional. this 3 michelin star restaurant is eloquently tucked away along the seine river and is exceptionally operated. every move you intend to make has been predicted by their staff, and you are fully taken care of from the moment you arrive until after you have left. the cuisine is impeccable; you experience a rush of all your senses with each bite, which is their intention for your experience. enjoy your meal - it will be one to remember forever. went to dinner last night 12/23/16; just got in to paris only a few hours earlier. first impressions is part of the dinning experience you get to the restaurant a nondescript building off the seine and as you venture into the it the visual changes from neo classical with couple of pieces moderne to break it up to aura of studio 54 in the salle d'attente.  then there he was guy savoy in the flesh what a surprise!!! we were lucky to get a window seat towards the seine and the minimalist functionality with a geometric lattice arabian design was some what stark in comparison to entry.hubert was very helpful and he customized our order to fit our flavor profiles and that was great .we ordered the oysters, langoustine, artichoke soup, mullet (fish)and beef.  seems so simple but this was the medium and canvas we gave them to work with and the execution was flawless; with just a minuscule of reservation on one of the pieces of beef.the journey began with the sites and aroma of delicious delectables and in between the amuse bouche and palate cleansers it was incredible. my words will not do justice you will need to experience it for yourselves and each experience will be unique on its own. not as tasty as rubuchon. 3 crappy courses out of the tasting menu. i can crap better main course. the intention of my review(s) is always to help yelpers decide whether or not to dine at a restaurant... that said.... guy savoy is truly one of the greatest dining experiences on this planet. among 3-michelin starred restaurants, this is at the top.  there is a small caveat... you must enjoy foods cooked rare: rabbit, duck, seafood. my fiancee was not a fan of one of the dishes and without hesitation, the server asked her what else she'd like. it was one of the greatest moments of restaurant service i've ever witnessed... and i assure you, that is saying a lot!  yes, guy savoy came and chatted with us..very cool. yes, the dining room a gorgeous beyond dreams. so many extras! so much great food. excellent service. (high price, yes). if you are trying to decide which restaurant to spend a bundle at... this is the one, i promise. there are no negatives about this restaurant. none! ate here for the honeymoon ! you have to have reservations way in advance. this place is the bar everyone else tries to reach. guy actually came to my table and introduced himself. what an amazing experience. i think we had 7 courses. this is a michelin 3 star restaurant. absolutely amazing. you will eat like a king! it's located inside a museum and has couple of rooms. there were 6 tables in our room and felt very cozy. noise level is low and good for romantic dinner. we didn't do tasting menu and ordered oyster dish which originally comes with beef capacio which i don't eat and the restaurant was nice enough to change to all oyster dish and it was fantastic! my bf ordered their signature artichoke soup which was out of this world. i ordered lobster main and again well cooked de shelled and seasoned perfectly. my bf had john dory and very pleased with the fish. we shared cheese plate, they have extensive collections and carefully selected depends on your preference. i had napoleons cake and it was very flaky and light. completed with dessert cart and from macaroons to raspberry pistachio cake were superior. at the end gave out little goody bag always plus for me. definitely something you want to experience when you are in paris. the food is an experience, and then the service/dcor is an experience of its own. when i went the bread for the meal was suggested based on our entre of choice. in the end, whatever bread you prefer is what you get, but they will tell you what is best to accompany your food. furthermore, you get two types of butter, salted and unsalted. when your butter is used, it is replaced by new fresh butter when the server returns. the attention to detail at guy savoy is something that you will not experience any where else. if you can afford the experience, it is worth it. i'm late in writing this review but catching up to share this wonderful restaurant. if you are lucky enough to travel to paris - please make sure you dine here.  i have been here 4 times, and each visit we were greeted by guy himself. be sure to try the chicken of france. !!! omfg! that was the best meal (lunch) of my life! somehow this place flies under the radar of must-eat michelin starred restaurants, and i'm ecstatic that i was presented the opportunity to dine at this place.the entrance is beautiful since the restaurant shares the location with a museum. upon entering, the team is very welcoming and gracious. the menu seems overwhelming but the main waiter was clear that they want to customize the meal to what we want based on our time and interests. he made it clear that they want to make the experience ours and the goal is to ensure we want to come back. after telling the waiter we had plenty of time and we wanted to try many courses we settled on the tasting menu, substituting the cheese course for something else and adding a wine pairing. almost every course had a surprise either hiding or in the taste. i am blown away at the creativity and execution of the entire team. this experience has changed my view on the "uptight" 3 star michelin restaurant stereotype. the restaurant is set in a formal way and appears to be very formal but the ambiance is quite chill and calm. we were dining for over two hours and a table opened up in front of a great view and the team asked if would like to move to that spot. we chose wisely and made the quick move to obtain the views! i'm so impressed by the team and communication to make the restaurant operated so smoothly in the dining hall. highly recommended! one of, if not, the best meal i've experienced. i can't wait to come visit again. staff were fabulous, sadly food very average for the price. other michelin starred restaurants in paris in my experience vastly superior, including the other 3 star restaurants. let's face it, when you decide to dine at a michelin 3-star restaurant, you have reconciled paying the equivalent of a mortgage payment - not for a meal but for a culinary 'experience'. for the two- to three-hours you surrender yourself into the capable hands of a master chef like guy savoy, you can expect cooking and service expressed as art.when we visited guy savoy, our reservation was as late as permitted due to our arriving in paris from the middle east an hour-and-a-half before the appointed hour. several emails and a phone call before hand to the patient staff communicated our concern that we might be a little late. as it turned out we arrived on time and were greeted like old friends. my wife and i brought our 10-year old - already a tried and true foodie - and were escorted to a cozy corner table where, unbelievably, guy savoy himself came over to introduce himself and express his delight that our flight had been on-time and that we had safely made it to lunch. he then invited the three of us to join him in a behinds the scene tour of his restaurant during which we met each of his sous chefs in the various prep stations. fascinating!chef savoy escorted us back to our table whereupon he presented our son with a beautifully painted dessert plate with the guy savoy emblem. it was an unexpected treat that none of us will ever forget. of course it's the food, service, and ambiance that justifies the visit (and the price) and we were not disappointed. choosing from a prix fixe menu, we found an intoxicating array of temptations ranging from delicately prepared vegetables to seafood to meat.we all chose different selections with the expert advice of our server, along with paired glasses of wine for mom and dad to accompany each course. we explained to our son that in a restaurant like this, no matter what you order - even if it is something you normally hate - it is going to be exceptional. and so it turned out: each bite of each course was a culinary revelation and we savored every minute of our meal.going to a restaurant like guy savoy is an undeniable and rare luxury, and if it were simply the food it would be hard to justify the cost. but a michelin 3-star restaurant is so much more than the food, evidenced by the fact that each of us frequently recall one of our most memorable afternoons in paris. my husband and i came here for the finale of our honeymoon. we contacted several michelin starred restaurants in advance to ask who could do a vegetarian tasting menu. the woman who responded at guy savoy assured me they would do a multi-course vegetarian tasting menu and so we made a reservation months in advance. when we arrived the host had no record that we had requested a vegetarian meal and when we were seated we were immediately served foie gras, arguably the least vegetarian dish on the planet because of the unusual level of cruelty involved in its creation. the waiter hemmed and hawed that it would be very difficult to create a vegetarian meal for us and he ended up picking three courses that all involved an excess of truffles. by the end of the meal i was sick of truffles which i generally consider a wonderful delicacy. there are other michelin starred restaurants that do have vegetarian menus. they should not have tried to rope us in if they couldn't deliver.besides that disappointment, it was fun to see what it's like to eat at one of the fanciest restaurants with waiters hovering over you and fixing your napkin every time you sit down. perhaps because of the limited vegetarian options our bill also ended up being slightly lower than i anticipated though i can't remember the details. how is this being rated so highly? i am truly confused. this does not rise to the 3 michelin stars it has been given, nor does it justify the exorbitant prices it charges. my rating is based on my experiences at other michelin rated restaurants, were this not a michelin place (and were it not charging itself as one) my rating would be a 3. this, when considering expectation and price, was the most regrettable meal of my entire life. and i've eaten a lot of food. started out very good. very warm welcome by the many servers. but the food was just not imaginative or exciting or even delicious. i would not choose to eat any of it ever again. the bread offered with the meal was poor. the courses were boring and the fish was absolutely embarrassing for a place that is supposed to be one of the best. we chose the taste and textures menu and there was nothing exciting about it. standard food you might pay 20 a plate for. i really cannot express how disappointed in the food i was. it is obvious that this place has lost the imagination that made it world famous. the cheese cart presentation was great (the highlight for me) but i question the decision to use a dessert cart. you end up with variety, but it was all fairly mediocre. the service was pretty good, i enjoyed our waiter quite a bit, but there were times during the meal where my companion and i were confused as to if we should start eating or wait for someone to explain our meal. not ok for 3 michelin. additionally, the sommelier abandoned us about 3/4 of the way thru the meal which was so disappointing because the wine had been the highlight thus far. wine is good here. it feels like you are eating at a machine. there is very little personal touch and the food is completely forgettable. in fact, i am still raving about a 26 euro cheese plate we ate the previous night and have all but forgotten the meal at guy savoy. if you are a true food person (which the reviewers of this must not be) i can't in good conscience recommend this place. further, if this is a special occasion for you, do not spend the money here. michelin should reevaluate. feels like a scam to lure in unsuspecting tourists.i read through some of the reviews and i think the 5 stars (not all) are fake. just an fyi. when i grew up, my first memories of food was this corn starch wrapped dumpling, filled with hand formed pork and bamboo shoots. nothing yet in this world, including many of the 3 michelin stars has came close to bringing back that memory.guy, as a chef i believe that our job is to deliver quality but also rekindle the childhood memories of food that each customer has. and, also make new ones with younger generations. i hear titles such as defenders of french cuisine or attempts at bringing back taste and freshness to the table...just to what? deny a 4 year old into your restaurant, especially after you charged me $1000 for my party of 3? not a good image and complete misaligned with principles of a chef. your job is to feed and make wonderful memories. my daughter has been to many 3 and 2 stars. she is well behaved and would've enjoyed making new memories at your restaurant. but since you denied her of this... too bad. 1 yelp star for you. we are new yorkers and have eaten at the finest restaurants in nyc. guy savoy outdoes every one of them in service, which is an outstanding combination of impeccable, timely, pleasant, but not at all intrusive. it really is incomparable and must be experienced to be believed. the food also was outstanding, and they accommodated my vegetarian wife with flair. if you are in paris looking for a great restaurant, you simply must go here. you will not regret it and it will be i am sure an incredible dining experience like ours. amazing dining experience. everything we feasted on were delicious and works of art. the staff was extremely attentive and all spoke very good english. they've only been open for less than 2 weeks; you'll have a better chance at making a lunch reservation than dinner. we went here for part 3 or 4 of my birthday dinner celebration. let's just say was i was thoroughly impressed, considering that i had eaten at le meurice only a few days ago. food, was probably one of the best meals i've ever had from a 3 michelin star restaurant. service was impeccable, as what you would expect from a 3 stars restaurant. the tour of the kitchen and a chance to meet and talk to chef savoy was a great touch. we try to dine at guy savoy when we are in paris and it has been two years since our last visit. our host was huber and he remembered our last visit and even what we ordered.we discussed the options from a la carte to the various pris fix menus. while there were somethings we liked on the fixed menus, we rally wanted to taste the breath of the gastronomic experience and felt limited by the a la carte approach. voila - huber proposed creating our very own taster menu from the a la carte options.we started with champagne with asperges vertes, 'oeuf en sabayon (perfect). then to a favorite, salmon cooked on ice and served in a lemon grass broth (heaven). note that our tasting menu this was 2 pieces of salmon each whereas the a la carte was 3 pieces. this was then followed with their signature artichoke soup that was elegant with the artichoke being front and center despite the truffle oil floated on top. we also had a rice course and cheese and dessert along the way. the meal was accompanies with excellent wine selected to support each course, including desert.of course, in the end, one does not necessarily need dessert as there is an entire dessert cart, but we opted for the special strawberry and rhubard dessert as both were in season - excellent presentation and flavor balance. of course, then the dessert cart came around, the had rice pudding - which we had to try - unfortunately for us, rice pudding will never be the same . . . simply perfection.overall, we agreed that this was probably one of our most enjoyable and greatest dinning experiences thus far. enjoy! a beautiful experience! my review is long overdue but it's never too late to share some praise. i was just conversing with my companions from that dinner about amazing restaurants, and we all agreed that this is one of the top 3 best restaurants we've ever experienced.food: 5/5service: 5/5decor: 5/5date of visit: summer of 2011 you will not find a chef better than guy savoy. his cuisine is extraordinary, which matches his extraordinary personality and heart. i was able to come to the new location (which is absolutely stunning) and i had such an incredible evening. the food was spectacular, the wines were spectacular, sitting at the chef's table was spectacular, and walking outside in the main dining room to enjoy our desserts while gazing at the paris lights reflecting on the seine outside. such a beautiful night. this restaurant is cool on so many levels- it's inside the french mint, so you get to feel like a spy walking through guards with guns to get to dinner. the service and food are totally off-the-scales amazing- french cuisine asserts itself as a global cultural force because of places like this. among the many amazing things i ate while trying their tasting menu here, there was: a half-lobster, a near baseball-sized node of caviar, truffles the size of a man's watch, and those were all less than halfway through the meal.the service is very formal and a little purse-lipped, but they were always friendly and happy to answer questions. for a dorky, course-by-course review, i invite you to check this out:threestarepicure.com/blo- wonderful experience. highlight of our dining experience during our trip to london and paris. this is my first time to guy savoy at the new location. this was a 2nd time back at guy savoy. its a short little walk from many other great restaurants in st germain. my wife and i made a reservation for lunch, instead of dinner. when we arrived, we were the first guests. we were seated at a table in the far room, however my wife asked if we can sit near a window table. our request was quickly met and we were led to another dinning room with a window seat. we were handed the set course lunch menu, however after browsing through - i requested for the main menu with more options. after looking through it, we selected the "selections" menu. it was an 11 course meal and that was for lunch. time frame is about 3 hours for the meal.since my wife didn't want to drink, she had water and i had some wine pairing. we didn't want to get too alcohol induced, because we had plans of going art gallery shopping afterwards. (by the way, there's lots of great little galleries all around the area.) it would be a terrible, terrible mistake to be buzzed and buying expensive artwork on the whim. so i asked for a couple glasses of wine to be paired with the meal. without listing all 11 courses and everything in between, the service is impeccable (as it should at this caliber!) and the food did not disappoint. while the presentation of the food may not have been as 'glamours' as i remembered it many years ago, the food is still top notch. i have no complaints at all - except maybe i was too full (even though i try to cut down on the eating). i have traveled far and wide and have tried too many top notch restaurants around the world. lets just say - one year, i racked up 30+ michelin stars from hk to tokyo to sf to ny to paris - that should tell you approximately how many top tier restaurants i was eating that year if you want to go by the famous michelin stars. the past 6 years alone - i've been to paris at least once every year and tried plenty of top restaurants (whether michelin ranked, chef friend recommended, and/or upcoming hot new chefs/restaurants in the city).anyways, what i'm simply saying is: out of many of these top tier restaurants around the world - i would continue to rank guy savoy one of my top 1 or 2 favorite restaurants. yes, its simply that good!so if you happen to have a special occasion and have the money to spend, or you simply love to eat - then guy savoy paris is the place to be. paul gauguin said "how do you see this tree? is it really green? use green, then, the most beautiful green on your palette."expect the most intense, single-minded flavours worked from simple ingredients. the dessert i had - fig ice-cream with fig juice and fresh figs - exemplifies this philosophy.service begins outside the monnaie and lasts all the way in. the mid-century dcor is a little bit imposing - to remind you that food is to be taken seriously.also they have the best bread i have ever had in my life: hearty, chewy bread encased by a layered crumb that is burnt crisp - and it's free flow. eating at guy savoy is a delight to all your senses, including your heart. whenever we see chef guy savoy himself at the restaurant, he is always, always friendly with a welcoming big smile. everyone at the restaurant always makes you feel so welcome and at home. eating there is one of the happiest things one can do. each bite of each course is a delightful experience - it's like their chefs are working very very hard to wreck their brains to try to find ways to make you happy and surprise you with beautiful and delicious food in every single thing they serve you. it is pretty amazing for such a high end restaurant - that when you are eating their food, you feel a connection with the team cooking and serving you. it's not high-brow - it's just amazing. there are soooo many amazing restaurants in paris at much lower price points, there is really no need to spend a lot of money to eat really really well. but guy savoy is different - it is not a restaurant that is cooking amazing food to show you how great they are. it is a restaurant that wants you to be joyful and delightful when you are there. what a great job the team there is doing - thank you for making each meal there such a happy and memorable experience!	0	0	1	0	0
 cream of the crop for fine parisian dining. i'll let the other reviews engage you in the granularities. you will not be disappointed with if willing to spend 500+ euros. i will return incredible food, amazing and artistic lookings of all cuisines. very efficient and gobsmackingly service.me and my friend went there on a saturday afternoon, the restaurant was decorated with flowers and it looks like a gorgeous palace. we opted for the lunch menu and surprisingly. they started with some complimentary starters: a dessert, biscuits,raspberries balls, tart, fish cuisine and deep bakery bread. we were almost full after only complimentary cuisines. then four courses came up with pre dessert. the scallop is amazing, onions are sophisticatedly mixed with truffles and pepper, and mullet is so savory, which makes me strongly recommended le cinq. it is absolutely an abundant, delicious, full of creation, with tempted looking and proper french lunch. what makes want to cry is that they also serves you with a variety of new selections of chocolate, nougat candies, marshmallows and even and additional box of caramel for you to appreciate on another day.it was all in all an unforgettable experience and rather than a lunch, it's sort of more of an unique art appreciation tour in the middle of romantic paris ! will definitely revisit at some point in the future to reminisce! yup, delicious. even though the gastropub (bistronomique) movement is going strong in france, one must give credit the the haute cuisine. we had to check one of these places out during our week in paris, and decided to go with le cinq. why not? located in the george v four seasons hotel on the champs elysees, would you expect any less in terms of opulence? there's palm trees in the dining room. why? because they can. the hotel is stunning, and the dining room is so over the top (like when you see pretentious fine dining in movies). sure, the location may look pretentious, and you may run into such people. however, the captain and his team are anything but. polite, pleasant, and utterly precise - without pretension. we went with the standard tasting since most of the menu was very interesting. however, i had read about chef le squer's trademark dishes - mainly his "spaghetti" which is essentially bucatini built into a little house which contains ham, truffles, and an insane sauce. this was't on the tasting menu but was on the a la carte, but the server gladly substituted the heaviest dish on the tasting menu for this one. excellent pace on the course deliveries, and when my girlfriend went to use the restroom the captain came by and placed a rose on her plate (evidently they do it for most women, but that night they only did it for her ;) ). she certainly got a kick out of it when she returned.all in all, the food was amazing and the wine pairings are on point. i would definitely recommend this place if you wanted to try a very classic french setting - but with an adventurous and skilled chef. 5 stars easily. it was easter sunday and lunch le cinq was the perfect way enjoy our last full day in paris. i had secured lunch reservations online easily (they open them up a couple weeks at a time), and then contacted them immediately when asked to confirm. the space is just beautiful, very classic dcor and accented by the 4 seasons courtyard outside viewed through the floor-to-ceiling windows. my 5 year od son proclaimed the space to be "super fancy".we were treated like very special guests the minute we stepped up the guest desk. the hostess offered to take my shopping bag (chocolate shopping!) and led us to a table overlooking the courtyard. as many reviewers had sad, they bring out a footstool for the ladies purses which i found to be a nice touch. now i had said in my reservation that my son is 5 years old and they were ready for him. they had mini chocolate eggs "hidden" on the table and brought out the cutest coloring book and colored pencils for him. they doted on him and checked back to ask him how he was doing. for those of you who know us, you bet w charmed the whole staff. i opted for the 4 course lunch, which if you include the amuse bouche and palate cleanser and chocolates, was more like 7 courses. each course presented well, picture perfect and delicious. the molecular gastronomy of the amuse bouche was beautiful to look at but fun to eat. a large watery molecule, a large red berry burst, a "pizza" branch and a pickle tart. how fun is that? i started with a glass of champagne and decided on a glass of wine during lunch. the wine list by bottle is your standard phone book sized tome, but there is a nice offering of wines by the glass. the sommelier can assist you as well.then on to the menu--first course truffled asparagus. very subtle truffled sauce over a perfectly cooked (huge) stalk of asparagus. second course was a deconstructed onion soup. delicious and magical--how did the chef get soup in each small onion? third course cod with spinach. delicate fish, cooked perfectly. subtle flavor of the fish married perfectly with the spinach and other herbs. intermezzo. deconstructed lemon meringue. little bits of meringue and lemon curd beautifully presented, fun to eat. dessert truffles. in paris, the chocolate must be the best and these truffles were some of the best i've had. fourth course. bruleed banana. divinechocolate cart. yes, brought out more selections of chocolate and each one i tried were amazing. we each got a small box of caramels as well. my son (there is a children's menu) opted for the chicken breast and mashed potatoes. he loved everything and proclaimed the mashed potatoes better than his grandma's but not as good as mine (god i love this kid).  i did taste the chicken and mash--i would have eaten his dish too, it was delicious! i need to get a sous vide! and the mashed potatoes were super rich and creamy and definitely much better than what i make at home. service was impeccable. so many people worked together to give us an outstanding experience. we truly felt welcome and comfortable during the whole dining experience. the food and service are top notch! i came from new york city, been to most of the french restaurant in the city. you can't find anyone that can compare to this one. keep up the good work, i'll surely come back for more again. to be honest my experience here was subpar. i had much higher expectations. guy savoy was a significantly better experience. the food at le cinq wasn't as delicious as i had hoped, although the presentation was perfect. the staff also did not bring my check for 30 mins even though i asked twice. it almost caused me to be late to my post-lunch appointment. for the price i paid, considering i didn't drink much, i was expecting a significantly better experience. compared to other 2 and 3 michelin star restaurants i have had the pleasure of dining at, le cinq fell short on the list and is not a restaurant i can recommend at this time. it really confuses me as to why they have the amount of stars that they do. gorgeous place with matching food and service. first-class service all around. amazing food. the menu had many great choices on it. exquisite paris fine dining we decided to have lunch before we leave hotel. since our last stay at george v, this michelin three star restaurant was new to us so we were excited about it. very glamorous old charm victorian interior and superb service. we didn't do the tasting menu and i ordered deshelled crab which was nothing i experienced before, out of this world. my bf ordered deconstructed french onion soup and he still talks about it the day after. i ordered lobster which was great but i liked the lobster i had the night before at guy savoy. my bf ordered sea bass and it was great. we had cheese plate and it was fantastic. i had to skip dessert because i was so stuffed but my bf ordered chocolate cake with ice cream and he loves it. they had this dessert cart with full of sweets and i loved mango caramel. we will definitely do it again. the service was impeccable. my boyfriend and i were treated like royalty. the onion soup which was inside of a onion, burst in your mouth with incredible flavor. we experienced nine courses of sheer heaven. every course was artistically presented. an exotic experience for your pallet. the concierge at fourseasons also gave us recommendations for a place to have drinks and dance afterwards. a beautiful evening. mindy seriously beautiful... housed inside the glamorous george v hotel (even their lobby ladies' room would embarrass a reno hgtv bathroom!), upon entering the hotel... the lobby welcomes you with amazingly tall vases filled with fresh cut flowers (well it's tall to me bc i'm merely 5'1"!! lol) and don't be afraid to ask for direction to the restaurant... bc i don't remember where it was, all i remember was this very chic girl guiding us to le cinq and gave us a brief tour. we made reservation a few months in advance (which requires an email on their general website, they will confirm it via email. then once you are in paris, they will call you or you can have your hotel call to confirm). it's very important that you re-confirm upon your arrival to the city of light bc they do cancel your ressie... the decor is spectacular! high high high ceiling, large windows, beautiful drapery, and the table settings are just beyond your normal "fine dining" experience (ahem.. emp!). they even provide a little stool for your bags!! how cute is that?!? i wanted to take it home! ok - now the food... they were mostly hits... but possibly a few miss... or maybe because i wasn't a huge fan of the big chunk of fish... although flaky.. it was too thick. i had the "sea bass" - loved it! and gf had that other white fish.. can't remember the name. didn't love it... most memorable... the ah-mazingly sweet, perfectly cooked (bc if you over cook these babies, you can't quite chew it!), sinfully decadent langoustines!!! i never knew mating lobsters & shrimps gives you perfect babies! just kidding! but that's exactly what went through my head. (had a tough time finding a nyc eats that could perfect langoustines...). the desserts were epic! it really was like eating some "chemistry" projects but perfected! ice sculpture looking, yet tastes like clouds... mmm.  total bill for 2 tasting menu, no wine, about 700... which at that time, was about $750 usd... ). we love this dining experience and hope they get their 3rd michelin star! happy travels yelpers! well deserved of 3 michelin stars. fresh food, beautiful decor, a lot of natural lighting during lunch and early dinner. impeccable service. just celebrated our 15 year anniversary here- amazing experience! so glad we ordered what we wanted instead of sticking to the prefix. truly our best meal ever, and we consider ourselves foodies for sure! absolutely wonderful. i had the 6 course prix fix lunch and opted for the wine pairing, the cheese course, and tea as well. 3.5 hours of bliss and impeccable service. from the footstool for my purse, to their insistence on coming back (at exactly the right time) and taking the tea bags out of the tea pot instead of letting me do it, to the sommelier's ability to be educational but not condescending about the wine, everything was perfect. the staff offered me my choice of magazines or a newspaper since i was on my own, but the food was so interesting, delicious, and well timed that i only pulled out my ipad (takes up less table space) twice the whole meal. they also let me swap one of the entrees for something else on the menu i thought looked much more interesting.it's alot of food, but because it's small portions, it was manageable. i really enjoyed the wine pairings (it's cool to see how the food and the wines interact) but it was too much wine for me- about 2/3 of a glass times 6, but that included port, madeira (perfect with the deconstructed onion soup) and a dessert wine. much to my dismay, i had to stop finishing them. if i came back with someone, i'd be tempted to ask if we could share one set of the wine pairings. which is probably super gauche, but i hate the idea of wasting wine, especially good wine.highlights: the amuse bouches, which were little bubbles of liquid perched in a branch of dried grape stem, a chicken liver tart with chopped up fruits/veggies/pickles (i'm not sure what exactly) on top of it, the sea urchin and avocado, the buckwheat roll shaped like a little cinnamon roll but full of seeds was the best of three excellent bread options, the sweetbreads, the dessert cart with all sorts of little chocolates, caramels, and marshmallow, and the wine pairings. things that weren't bad but weren't great: the cod with truffle foam. it was probably the most expertly cooked piece of cod i'll ever having in my life, but it was still...white fish. and the truffle foam, despite containing actual pieces of truffle, was also boring. i don't really get truffle though, so some people may love it. the dessert that involved bananas. it was beautiful, but not interesting. the cheese course. it was part of the experience, a very generous amount of cheese, and came out on a gilded cart probably twice the size of my table that they roll over so you can make your choices, but the cheese didn't wow me. it was more of a pleasant interlude. for $30, i would not get it again. the tea service at the end was just tea, but it was beautifully presented, came with two (more) tiny pastries, and was worth the $15 just to have twenty minutes to digest and reflect on lunch. but you won't be missing anything if you don't get it.notes about the restaurant: they seem to expect blazers for men, as i saw them hand them to at least two people. but they have them. they even seemed to have a wide enough array to give the guys who needed them ones that fit! there were at least two of us ladies dining alone, and it didn't even seem weird at all. so don't try to convince a friend they want to spend absurd amounts of money, just go do it on your own. the food is entertainment enough. the staff is friendly, but not chatty. i'd say about 2/3 of the dining room for lunch was tourists. so don't worry too much about looking out of place, or taking photos, or not speaking french. similarly, when presented with options (bread service, candies at the end of the meal, etc) just take one of everything. they know it's a once in a lifetime experience for most of us. the dining room is pretty, but kind of generic in my opinion- the courtyard and the the area i think they use to serve breakfast and then tea in looked prettier. the famous flower arrangements are indeed stunning, but the week i was there (mid-march) that just meant massive, massive arrays of forsythia. it was a little modern for my tastes.all in all, my first foray into 3-star dining was everything i'd hoped for. i doubt i'd go back when there are so many other wonderful options in paris, but i'm very glad i went to le cinq. incredible meal-- probably the most extravagant of my life thus far. the staff was amazing and very attentive. the sommelier gave fantastic wine suggestions which were very much appreciated given their intimidatingly large wine list. we did the tasting menu and the food was exquisite. the dishes blended traditional french principles with new inventive techniques. we were so blissfully full at the end. can't wait to go back! an amazing gastronomic tour de force. i cannot say enough good things about the atmosphere, food and quality of service. definitely a michelin 3 experience. magical... we have eaten at various 3 star michelin rated restaurants and le cinq was perfection. we went to europe to celebrate our 16 years together and the staff did not disappoint. the food was glorious and the ambiance was enchanting. thank you patrick for that extra mile of service and unforgettable experience even after the perfect meal! on my last day in paris, i had the pleasure of dining at le cinq, which is run by former ledoyen chef de cuisine christian le squer. the newly minted three michelin star restaurant is located in the four seasons georges v hotel. upon entering the hotel i was greeted with the lovely scent of fresh bouquets of flowers, notably roses and lilac. the setting inside le cinq is opulent and reminiscent of the 19th-century french aristocracy with its lavish oil paintings, ample gold, and crystal chandeliers. despite the grandeur, there was a warm and inviting aura.the 1st appetizer (or the real first course) was white asparagus with mustard vinaigrette and a cherry reduction. the two spears of white asparagus were perfectly cooked to a juicy texture. i find that white asparagus is far sweeter and not as pungent as its green counterpart due to fewer sulfuric compounds. the creamy mustard had a medium spice level similar to horseradish and accentuated the sweetness of the asparagus. the cherry reduction was nice although not necessary. i thought it was clever to also use the slivered asparagus as it showcased the versatility of texture.the gratinated onions served contemporary "parisien style" is one of chef le squer's signature dishes. he successfully takes a classic dish and reinvents it in a modern manner without losing the spirit of what a french onion soup is. the mini onion spheres were filled with onion broth while the gratinated parmesan cheese disque decorated the bottom of the dish. mini pieces of toasted croutons were topped off. the mini onions burst with the slightest pressure and the consomm incorporated the perfect harmony of sweet and savoury flavours. the taste was very familiar, but the presentation was unique although akin to soup dumplings. i'm still mystified at how they transfer the soup into the thin onion skin. when i asked the waiter, he simply smiled and told me it's a kitchen secret.for the main course, i chose the grilled pigeon breast with black truffles, olive tapenade, and steamed turnip. pigeon is a protein i've wanted to try but many restaurants don't offer it and with good reason. it's a difficult protein to cook right as the leanness and miniature size almost guarantee an overcooked bird for the inexperienced chef. to execute this requires an innate precision for timing. thankfully my pigeon was cooked to a perfect medium (just as i requested). the meat was rich and tender without being aggressively gamey. the tapenade burst with umami and with a hint of sweetness which was a superb foil to the pigeon.for dessert, i opted for the cherries cooked in kirsch with pistachio ice cream. again i must comment on how gorgeous the presentation was! the colors were vibrant and the cherries glistened like rubies. notice how the tasting menu used cherries in sweet and savoury dishes. that is a sign of a true master chef as the limits and boundaries of food pairings begin to blur. the pistachio ice cream was nutty and the coating of the pistachio powder helped prevent premature melting. the cherries were soaked in kirsch which brought a mild bitter-almond taste to prevent the cherries from becoming cloy. a sophisticated dessert is never overly sweet which is one-dimensional but is accentuated by acidic, salty, or bitter notes. in this case, the kirsch provided the latter.le squer's dishes are innovative and modern while adding a playful and whimsical touch. he succeeds at taking the pretentiousness out of french haute cuisine. his cuisine is artistic, intriguing and stimulates the mind as well as the senses. this is certainly the best meal i had in paris. would definately recommend over ledoyen. we were staying at the hotel so we had both breakfast and dinner at this restaurant and both were very good...jacket is required for men for dinner n they will lend u one if u didn't bring it, the food was very innovative and delicious, the service was good...we had a reservation but were still seated at the first table by the entrance, this i didn't like...but everything else was wonderful :) 2 michelin stars and well deserveddinner: *bill for 3 people came to  1350 including tip. 3 tasting menus, a bottle of wine, 6 glasses of wine, and bottled water.*bill for 2 people came to  850 including tip. 10 course meal, a glass of champagne, one bottle of winelunch:*bill for 2 people came to  350. 3 course meal-menus came in both english and french. my gf speaks french (native) but was handed an english menu, she was offended (somewhat)-best venison i've ever had in my life-best slow cooked lamb i've ever had i like tasting menus since i love eating little bits of everything, like trying a bite of everything at a buffet. dining at the cinq was an experiment of decadence how even too much of a good thing can take away from the experience.from the amuse i knew that the food here would be great. that bite of mushroom water is still engraved into my memory. the richness of pure flavor is very hard to forget even if the ingredient is just your regular cooking mushroom.of course all the courses that followed was great, seafood and meats alike. the only reason i decided to leave a 4 star review instead of 5 is simply due to my disagreement with menu choices. within the tasting menu we were served both roasted foie gras and sweetbread. so two heavily fatty and organ-y flavor were only separated by a seafood dish in between. while both were individually delicious it was physically difficult to eat both dishes in a same course since both were simply too rich to be combined.maybe it's my fault for actually eating all the food that was given to me. perhaps i should have just take a bite or two and return the rest of dishes throughout the entire course and maybe that's how tasting menus of this caliber is to be enjoyed but i simply don't feel comfortable wasting food.at the end of the day i thoroughly enjoyed my meal at the cinq and would love to repeat it in the future. the food was to die for and the staff there were wonderful, especially the older gentleman who seemed to be the main server. although it's likely to be part of his repertoire his mannerism and humor were greatly appreciated. if you are not a heavy eater i would recommend just ordering a main or something separately and it would still be a good experience. cream of the crop for fine parisian dining. i'll let the other reviews engage you in the granularities. you will not be disappointed with if willing to spend 500+ euros. i will return incredible food, amazing and artistic lookings of all cuisines. very efficient and gobsmackingly service.me and my friend went there on a saturday afternoon, the restaurant was decorated with flowers and it looks like a gorgeous palace. we opted for the lunch menu and surprisingly. they started with some complimentary starters: a dessert, biscuits,raspberries balls, tart, fish cuisine and deep bakery bread. we were almost full after only complimentary cuisines. then four courses came up with pre dessert. the scallop is amazing, onions are sophisticatedly mixed with truffles and pepper, and mullet is so savory, which makes me strongly recommended le cinq. it is absolutely an abundant, delicious, full of creation, with tempted looking and proper french lunch. what makes want to cry is that they also serves you with a variety of new selections of chocolate, nougat candies, marshmallows and even and additional box of caramel for you to appreciate on another day.it was all in all an unforgettable experience and rather than a lunch, it's sort of more of an unique art appreciation tour in the middle of romantic paris ! will definitely revisit at some point in the future to reminisce! yup, delicious. even though the gastropub (bistronomique) movement is going strong in france, one must give credit the the haute cuisine. we had to check one of these places out during our week in paris, and decided to go with le cinq. why not? located in the george v four seasons hotel on the champs elysees, would you expect any less in terms of opulence? there's palm trees in the dining room. why? because they can. the hotel is stunning, and the dining room is so over the top (like when you see pretentious fine dining in movies). sure, the location may look pretentious, and you may run into such people. however, the captain and his team are anything but. polite, pleasant, and utterly precise - without pretension. we went with the standard tasting since most of the menu was very interesting. however, i had read about chef le squer's trademark dishes - mainly his "spaghetti" which is essentially bucatini built into a little house which contains ham, truffles, and an insane sauce. this was't on the tasting menu but was on the a la carte, but the server gladly substituted the heaviest dish on the tasting menu for this one. excellent pace on the course deliveries, and when my girlfriend went to use the restroom the captain came by and placed a rose on her plate (evidently they do it for most women, but that night they only did it for her ;) ). she certainly got a kick out of it when she returned.all in all, the food was amazing and the wine pairings are on point. i would definitely recommend this place if you wanted to try a very classic french setting - but with an adventurous and skilled chef. 5 stars easily. it was easter sunday and lunch le cinq was the perfect way enjoy our last full day in paris. i had secured lunch reservations online easily (they open them up a couple weeks at a time), and then contacted them immediately when asked to confirm. the space is just beautiful, very classic dcor and accented by the 4 seasons courtyard outside viewed through the floor-to-ceiling windows. my 5 year od son proclaimed the space to be "super fancy".we were treated like very special guests the minute we stepped up the guest desk. the hostess offered to take my shopping bag (chocolate shopping!) and led us to a table overlooking the courtyard. as many reviewers had sad, they bring out a footstool for the ladies purses which i found to be a nice touch. now i had said in my reservation that my son is 5 years old and they were ready for him. they had mini chocolate eggs "hidden" on the table and brought out the cutest coloring book and colored pencils for him. they doted on him and checked back to ask him how he was doing. for those of you who know us, you bet w charmed the whole staff. i opted for the 4 course lunch, which if you include the amuse bouche and palate cleanser and chocolates, was more like 7 courses. each course presented well, picture perfect and delicious. the molecular gastronomy of the amuse bouche was beautiful to look at but fun to eat. a large watery molecule, a large red berry burst, a "pizza" branch and a pickle tart. how fun is that? i started with a glass of champagne and decided on a glass of wine during lunch. the wine list by bottle is your standard phone book sized tome, but there is a nice offering of wines by the glass. the sommelier can assist you as well.then on to the menu--first course truffled asparagus. very subtle truffled sauce over a perfectly cooked (huge) stalk of asparagus. second course was a deconstructed onion soup. delicious and magical--how did the chef get soup in each small onion? third course cod with spinach. delicate fish, cooked perfectly. subtle flavor of the fish married perfectly with the spinach and other herbs. intermezzo. deconstructed lemon meringue. little bits of meringue and lemon curd beautifully presented, fun to eat. dessert truffles. in paris, the chocolate must be the best and these truffles were some of the best i've had. fourth course. bruleed banana. divinechocolate cart. yes, brought out more selections of chocolate and each one i tried were amazing. we each got a small box of caramels as well. my son (there is a children's menu) opted for the chicken breast and mashed potatoes. he loved everything and proclaimed the mashed potatoes better than his grandma's but not as good as mine (god i love this kid).  i did taste the chicken and mash--i would have eaten his dish too, it was delicious! i need to get a sous vide! and the mashed potatoes were super rich and creamy and definitely much better than what i make at home. service was impeccable. so many people worked together to give us an outstanding experience. we truly felt welcome and comfortable during the whole dining experience. the food and service are top notch! i came from new york city, been to most of the french restaurant in the city. you can't find anyone that can compare to this one. keep up the good work, i'll surely come back for more again. to be honest my experience here was subpar. i had much higher expectations. guy savoy was a significantly better experience. the food at le cinq wasn't as delicious as i had hoped, although the presentation was perfect. the staff also did not bring my check for 30 mins even though i asked twice. it almost caused me to be late to my post-lunch appointment. for the price i paid, considering i didn't drink much, i was expecting a significantly better experience. compared to other 2 and 3 michelin star restaurants i have had the pleasure of dining at, le cinq fell short on the list and is not a restaurant i can recommend at this time. it really confuses me as to why they have the amount of stars that they do. gorgeous place with matching food and service. first-class service all around. amazing food. the menu had many great choices on it. exquisite paris fine dining we decided to have lunch before we leave hotel. since our last stay at george v, this michelin three star restaurant was new to us so we were excited about it. very glamorous old charm victorian interior and superb service. we didn't do the tasting menu and i ordered deshelled crab which was nothing i experienced before, out of this world. my bf ordered deconstructed french onion soup and he still talks about it the day after. i ordered lobster which was great but i liked the lobster i had the night before at guy savoy. my bf ordered sea bass and it was great. we had cheese plate and it was fantastic. i had to skip dessert because i was so stuffed but my bf ordered chocolate cake with ice cream and he loves it. they had this dessert cart with full of sweets and i loved mango caramel. we will definitely do it again. the service was impeccable. my boyfriend and i were treated like royalty. the onion soup which was inside of a onion, burst in your mouth with incredible flavor. we experienced nine courses of sheer heaven. every course was artistically presented. an exotic experience for your pallet. the concierge at fourseasons also gave us recommendations for a place to have drinks and dance afterwards. a beautiful evening. mindy seriously beautiful... housed inside the glamorous george v hotel (even their lobby ladies' room would embarrass a reno hgtv bathroom!), upon entering the hotel... the lobby welcomes you with amazingly tall vases filled with fresh cut flowers (well it's tall to me bc i'm merely 5'1"!! lol) and don't be afraid to ask for direction to the restaurant... bc i don't remember where it was, all i remember was this very chic girl guiding us to le cinq and gave us a brief tour. we made reservation a few months in advance (which requires an email on their general website, they will confirm it via email. then once you are in paris, they will call you or you can have your hotel call to confirm). it's very important that you re-confirm upon your arrival to the city of light bc they do cancel your ressie... the decor is spectacular! high high high ceiling, large windows, beautiful drapery, and the table settings are just beyond your normal "fine dining" experience (ahem.. emp!). they even provide a little stool for your bags!! how cute is that?!? i wanted to take it home! ok - now the food... they were mostly hits... but possibly a few miss... or maybe because i wasn't a huge fan of the big chunk of fish... although flaky.. it was too thick. i had the "sea bass" - loved it! and gf had that other white fish.. can't remember the name. didn't love it... most memorable... the ah-mazingly sweet, perfectly cooked (bc if you over cook these babies, you can't quite chew it!), sinfully decadent langoustines!!! i never knew mating lobsters & shrimps gives you perfect babies! just kidding! but that's exactly what went through my head. (had a tough time finding a nyc eats that could perfect langoustines...). the desserts were epic! it really was like eating some "chemistry" projects but perfected! ice sculpture looking, yet tastes like clouds... mmm.  total bill for 2 tasting menu, no wine, about 700... which at that time, was about $750 usd... ). we love this dining experience and hope they get their 3rd michelin star! happy travels yelpers!	0	1	1	1	0
 amazing restaurant! what a cute and romantic interior, great menu, and even better food. my guest and i ordered appetizers and entrees - the foie gras was so good, and the haricots verts salad was excellent as well. for dinner, we got the sole and duck. both were delicious. i'm usually not a huge fan of duck but my dish made me change my mind. the dessert was the star of the show - get the profiteroles! the chocolate sauce they're served with is to die for, and i wish i could bring some home with me. wish i had the time to go back again during our trip.update: we made the time to go back! after our dinner tonight, we knew we had to go back for dessert. we popped in right before closing time and the waiters were so welcoming and kind. had some great coffee, wine, and profiteroles of course. great romantic restaurant to go near plaza vendome. the food and service was awesome. pricing is great compared to what other restaurants offer. stumbled upon this gem. stared with escargot and was delicious, full of flavor and we ordered duck foie gras which literally melted in your mouth. the bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. my boyfriend and i had shared the duck and they were kind enough to split the plate in two. the duck in itself had wonderful flavor, was cooked medium and juicy with wonderful crisp for skin. waiter and staff was extremely friendly. after seeing the review on the chocolate prolifies. i am sad i did not order as we were trying to save our stomach for some other food. i would highly recommend coming here for dinner. this place wasn't on my radar, but i'm so glad that we got a last minute recommendation to have lunch here. it was really good. the inside is really cute and the staff was attentive and friendly.food/wine: burrata with summer truffle, old fashioned tomato salad. the cheese was very fresh. french onion soup was amazing. it was the best one we had during our stay in paris. very flavorful.veal stew - wow! this blew us away. this is a must. i would return just for this dish. the sauce was outstanding. beef tartare and roasted potatoes. the tartare was good not great. i've had better at a few other restaurants in chicago. the potatoes were really good, cooked to perfection!profiteroles with real chocolate sauce was an excellent end to this awesome lunch. the wines are very responsibly priced both by the glass and bottle.we will definitely come back on future trips to paris!!!! recommended by concierge at prince de galles hotel. went with my 27 year old daughter, wasn't sure she would like the menu. this place was amazing. service was outstanding and fun. carlos de oliveira, one of the managers, was outstanding. the "la blanquette de veau" chez monsieur veal stew was to die for. i love creme brle but normally only traditional. i have changed my mind the crme brle a la pistache was out of this world as were the profiteroles with chocolate. i will be back on my next visit to paris! on our long weekend in paris, we happened upon chez monseiur. we had such a great meal that i made a reservation for one for the following evening as i was on my own for dinner. the staff was very accommodating for me as a single diner. i had reserved the bar seat but when i arrived found that i also had the choice of a table preset for one. the maitre'd mentioned that the bartender that evening did not speak english and he set a table if i'd prefer. i ordered the escargot to begin which was served with butter and garlic in their shells. this was the first time i had snails and they were perfect. my waiter recommended the veal stew as it was a signature dish. it was delicious! the meal is served in a copper pot and dished onto your plate. the staff was so attentive that i never had to serve myself. each time my plate got low a waiter would appear and serve me again. the veal melted in your mouth and the creamy sauce was mouthwatering. i had the rice pudding for dessert. it was also delicious with toasted hazelnuts but not pudding-like by american standards, more like cream over rice. this restaurant absolutely made my experience in france memorable! very authentic- amazing foie gras and veal stew. nice winelist- great choices of streetside bistro or interior dining room ambiances.  staff happy to suffer through my french or help me in english- i will be back! great little french restaurant in the madeleine neighborhood! food is amazing the the staff was so helpful and nice. get the escargot and blanquette!!! you will not be disappointed! this restaurant shamelessly pads the bill--avoid at all costs---and decline any "courtesy" items you did not explicitly order. prepare to be charged double if you attempt to split an item. restaurant does not allow you to take away any items, even after they serve you and charge you for more food than you ordered. two stars because the food itself is fine. note: this is not a language problem or cultural misunderstanding---these people are highway robbers, and there are fifty comparable honest bistros a stone's throw away. i love this place. when i'm in paris i bring friends and colleagues and everyone always agrees that it's a lovely spot. great staff and fantastic food. great atmosphereenglish speaking staffexcellent servicemain courses were well prepared with good flavor. jack dory and veal stew were top notch.dessert was rice pudding not my favorite but had a very homemade taste to it.would recommend to others a very pleasant restaurant. staff spoke english and they had an english menu. sausage and radishes came to the table as soon as we were seated. veal stew well cooked and tender. could have served two. sweetbreads were tasty but membrane left on. we did not have dessert but we were given each a madeleine and some applesauce. nice touch. tables were divided by partitions. so was a little private. would try again had the duck foie gras and chicken with vegetables. food was very decent and the staff was nice. would love a chance to try other dishes. we ventured upon this restaurant at the recommendation of our concierge and he was not wrong. we had a wonderful dinner that did not disappoint. the food was great, the wine was great and the staff was extremely helpful. we would definitely go back! loved the delicate onion soup! escargot at best. arctic char was absolutely delicious and would come back just enjoy the dish again.music andambiance made the whole experience complete. our waiter made the lunch special. i will be back for sure first thing to get out of the way is that this place is all tourist, all the time.  that being said, the food is all classic and all well executed, but the prices are definitely tourist prices. this was by far the most expensive wine list i've seen - i felt like i was back in the u.s. with the 200% wine mark-up.service was excellent and very accommodating to the english speaking crowd. the leg of lamb we got was carved table side, which was a nice addition.french onion soup was rich and delicious. escargot were garlicy and yummy - exactly as they should be. we had steak au poivre which was outstanding - the beef was perfectly cooked and tender and the sauce flavorful. the accompanying roast potatoes (in their own small baking dish) were really outstanding - perfectly crisp, tender on the inside, and just salty enough. we also had the roast leg of lamb for two. once again perfectly cooked and juicy, a really nice dish. it was accompanied by a small crock of beans cooked with chorizo which was absolutely delicious - i could have just eaten those beans without any of the lamb they were so good.dessert was profiteroles with an entire pot full of very dark and bitter (and yummy) chocolate sauce. outstanding.to sum up, while chez monsieur caters to the tourist crowd it does execute the classics very well and overall the food and service are terrific. however, you will be paying a tourist "tax" which is reflected in the high prices. the worst host in paris rude and live in her own world !! . we had booking and she give us the worst heading table and claimed that there was no table and there was 5 table empty with no rsv tag !! .i think the main issue that my wife was wearing islamic hijab so the lady had raceme issues !!!. the table that she give us is behind the entry of the door there was light lump behind the chair so physically no one can seat or with respect only short person can seat t she said well it is not my problem !! . i told her why then you confirmed as i did the booking from the sofitel hotel and was confirmed . the host kept shouting and saying it is not my problem !!!!we left quietly and went to anther restaurant which was next door cafe romantic next door very welcoming and the food was amazing . anther reassign i think because it is touristic area and they don't care about services and that's there way !!not recommend at all !!!! this is an amazing french bistro. there were many locals and tourists dining. the food was not overwhelming just served to perfection.  we highly recommend this restaurant when your in paris the selections on the daily menu is short but the choices are greatfor starters we have the foie gras and escargot. amazing.  main entrees were the fish sauted in butter and lemon and veal stew all the ingredients are fresh.  you will not be disappointed my wife and i were run off. an empty room! first, saying outside only, then continued on to state they were completely booked. not sure what we did wrong, other than being a quiet middle aged american couple. one of my favorite place for each of my stop in paris - everything i tried was great but the blaquette is a must have !and service is great - which isn't always the case around here amazing restaurant! what a cute and romantic interior, great menu, and even better food. my guest and i ordered appetizers and entrees - the foie gras was so good, and the haricots verts salad was excellent as well. for dinner, we got the sole and duck. both were delicious. i'm usually not a huge fan of duck but my dish made me change my mind. the dessert was the star of the show - get the profiteroles! the chocolate sauce they're served with is to die for, and i wish i could bring some home with me. wish i had the time to go back again during our trip.update: we made the time to go back! after our dinner tonight, we knew we had to go back for dessert. we popped in right before closing time and the waiters were so welcoming and kind. had some great coffee, wine, and profiteroles of course. great romantic restaurant to go near plaza vendome. the food and service was awesome. pricing is great compared to what other restaurants offer. stumbled upon this gem. stared with escargot and was delicious, full of flavor and we ordered duck foie gras which literally melted in your mouth. the bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. my boyfriend and i had shared the duck and they were kind enough to split the plate in two. the duck in itself had wonderful flavor, was cooked medium and juicy with wonderful crisp for skin. waiter and staff was extremely friendly. after seeing the review on the chocolate prolifies. i am sad i did not order as we were trying to save our stomach for some other food. i would highly recommend coming here for dinner. this place wasn't on my radar, but i'm so glad that we got a last minute recommendation to have lunch here. it was really good. the inside is really cute and the staff was attentive and friendly.food/wine: burrata with summer truffle, old fashioned tomato salad. the cheese was very fresh. french onion soup was amazing. it was the best one we had during our stay in paris. very flavorful.veal stew - wow! this blew us away. this is a must. i would return just for this dish. the sauce was outstanding. beef tartare and roasted potatoes. the tartare was good not great. i've had better at a few other restaurants in chicago. the potatoes were really good, cooked to perfection!profiteroles with real chocolate sauce was an excellent end to this awesome lunch. the wines are very responsibly priced both by the glass and bottle.we will definitely come back on future trips to paris!!!! recommended by concierge at prince de galles hotel. went with my 27 year old daughter, wasn't sure she would like the menu. this place was amazing. service was outstanding and fun. carlos de oliveira, one of the managers, was outstanding. the "la blanquette de veau" chez monsieur veal stew was to die for. i love creme brle but normally only traditional. i have changed my mind the crme brle a la pistache was out of this world as were the profiteroles with chocolate. i will be back on my next visit to paris! on our long weekend in paris, we happened upon chez monseiur. we had such a great meal that i made a reservation for one for the following evening as i was on my own for dinner. the staff was very accommodating for me as a single diner. i had reserved the bar seat but when i arrived found that i also had the choice of a table preset for one. the maitre'd mentioned that the bartender that evening did not speak english and he set a table if i'd prefer. i ordered the escargot to begin which was served with butter and garlic in their shells. this was the first time i had snails and they were perfect. my waiter recommended the veal stew as it was a signature dish. it was delicious! the meal is served in a copper pot and dished onto your plate. the staff was so attentive that i never had to serve myself. each time my plate got low a waiter would appear and serve me again. the veal melted in your mouth and the creamy sauce was mouthwatering. i had the rice pudding for dessert. it was also delicious with toasted hazelnuts but not pudding-like by american standards, more like cream over rice. this restaurant absolutely made my experience in france memorable! very authentic- amazing foie gras and veal stew. nice winelist- great choices of streetside bistro or interior dining room ambiances.  staff happy to suffer through my french or help me in english- i will be back! great little french restaurant in the madeleine neighborhood! food is amazing the the staff was so helpful and nice. get the escargot and blanquette!!! you will not be disappointed! this restaurant shamelessly pads the bill--avoid at all costs---and decline any "courtesy" items you did not explicitly order. prepare to be charged double if you attempt to split an item. restaurant does not allow you to take away any items, even after they serve you and charge you for more food than you ordered. two stars because the food itself is fine. note: this is not a language problem or cultural misunderstanding---these people are highway robbers, and there are fifty comparable honest bistros a stone's throw away. i love this place. when i'm in paris i bring friends and colleagues and everyone always agrees that it's a lovely spot. great staff and fantastic food.	0	0	1	0	1
 le royal was such a lovely surprise to discover while walking near the eiffel tower. the staff were friendly and helpful with ordering, and the food was wonderful and at a great price. we got the 3 course meal which included a light and flavorful appetizer, a delicious main dish and divine desserts. we wish we would've claimed our first choice of dessert right away, as they flew off the counter, but we will keep that in mind when we return again to this delightful cafe. friendly service and close to the eiffel tower. i had the croque madam with coffee and it was pretty good. i thought the coffee could have been better but it still hit the spot. the worse place to eat ! don't waste your time, money and appetite to go to this bistro . we were waiting for our food for about 40 minutes ,everything was served at different times to each person . they totally forgot my nieces food and served her last. their onion soup was cold ,duck was cold as well and dry. i would have rather stayed hungry then eaten at this place . this place is fantastic! my last meal in paris and it's been the best yet. great staff, very friendly and patient with those who know no french. if your in paris check them out! this was the first place we tried in paris and it was fine. a small local place with a friendly waitress and decent food. i ordered the duck confit and he ordered a chicken dish during lunch time and it was ok.good points were the friendly and smiley waitress and the free wi-fi (ask for the password). arrived an hour before closing, worried i wouldn't get the best service as i would at regular afternoon dinner hours. it was empty when i went, yet was welcomed very warmly. also our food was cooked beautifully and was delicious. friendly staff. good deal, it's very much worth the price (the 3 course meal for 13.90 with included drink) and i would love to visit them again. i left completely satisfied :) i have eaten several times at le royal for breakfast and it's always been terrific. usually get the baguette and croissant with coffee and orange juice. owners and waiters have always been very friendly. the location is a just a few minutes walk to the eiffel tower, yet it's not touristy. first saw le royal on anthony bourdain, and like the rest of his paris suggestions, it was just right. will definitely go back, and would like to try it for lunch or dinner. le royal is a small, neighborhood cafe. it is a delightful find, and 10 mins walk from tour eiffel. and far enough away to be called a local cafe.would return for lunch or dinnerenjoyed a ham crepe, and a tasty petite steak (all steaks are petite in paris) cooked perfectly as requested, medium rare. with carafe/pitcher of beaujolais and complimentary bottle of water.30 including vat and service charge.our nil french and ordering in english was no problem. we were well served.if you think this review with photos is useful, funny or cool, i'd appreciate your feedback by clicking below. im giving this 3.5 stars.came here starving and got some chicken dish. it was quite dry which im kind of usually fine with. the waitress was super nice and they have wifi. i overall liked the vibe here but i wouldnt really need to come back to eat here. for a place that serves up a 3 course meal for 14 euros including a drink/house wine it is a great deal in this expensive city. we dropped in around 930 pm for dinner and they were out of most specials except for a turkey or steak frites. i think the ones that they ran out of it looked more interesting so it was unfortunate that we couldn't try those. we both ordered the steak frites. the starters were a salad with a side of country pate. the salad was lightly dressed and the country pate tasted good. the bread we got was a bit stale but we ate it. i had the house wine and he gave me a small carafe of it. it was a very cold red house wine that was on the sweeter side. nothing horrible as it quenched my thirst and it was included so i can't complain. the steak was on the tougher side and wasn't seasoned with anything so i had to add salt - something i never do in a restaurant. fries were crispy. dessert was creme carmel for me and it was a nice classic dish. overall price to food it was average and fine if you aren't picky. service was fine and they spoke enough english to help. clientele was a mix of locals and tourists. seating is very intimate. your next dining table feels like they are your actual dining partners. probably a good place for breakfast or lunch. my wife and i went here with our 2 daughters (10 & 12). they loved the parisian hot dog (on a baguette with melted cheese). my wife and a chicken with normanide sauce. all was excellent. nice ix of french and "regular food."nice atmosphere. great service. felt like a local. far enough away from the eiffel tower so it is not a tourist trap but close enough to walk. if i lived in paris i would eat here once a week.great bakery across the street too. ambiance was nice, but they have clearly downgraded their quality for all the american tourists who don't know the difference. food in paris is usually beautifully prepared and top quality, but not so here. the roasted chicken was dry and flavorless, while the green beans were over cooked to mush. very disappointing. stopped for a quick lunch. was in the mood for something light, so had the goat cheese salad-greens, tomatoes, and two thin crust toasts with rings of creamy goat cheese. the kids split the ham and cheese crepe and the hubby had the croque monsieur, both were served with salad. the service was friendly and helpful. great prices and great eats! le royal is a quaint little restaurant located between the champ de mars park and rue cler. our first night in paris we had scheduled an evening bike ride so we were dressed casually and needed to find a restaurant for dinner where jeans and sneakers were acceptable attire. most of the restaurants near the eiffel tower were too fancy for our needs, but le royal looked casual and was nearby the eiffel tower. as others mentioned, the waiters don't speak much english, but the menu is written in english so ordering was not a problem and our waitress was friendly. the food was ok, nothing great and nothing terrible. the menu was a jumble of different cuisines and listed everything from classic french dishes, italian pasta dishes, and american favorites like hot dogs. in my opinion this raises and red flag and leads me to believe this restaurant caters to tourists. i was tempted to leave after glancing at the menu, but our waitress took our order before we could change our minds. we ordered croque monsieur sandwiches, an assorted cheese platter, a bottle of cheap (but good) burgundy wine, and the lemon tart and tiramisu for dessert. the prices weren't expensive, but at 60 euros for three people it wasn't cheap either when you consider that we ordered ham and cheese sandwiches and house wine.i wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. if i had to choose again i would have visited the rue cler street market instead and gathered the ingredients for a picnic to enjoy at the champ de mars park. 15e for a great formulenote to self: come back here! thank you for the suggestion monsieur bordain! we saw this restaurant on a list from no reservations and the food was great! i wish i made this review closer to when i had dined there but i can remember i had great food and my french onion soup was amazing.they had free wifi and they were a nice walking distance from the eiffel tower.i didn't like how there were tons of flies on the walls, but they didn't go to our food and the servers were great! i would love to go back again if we ever go back to paris. le royal is a very small restaurant with a tight seating arrangement. service was very neutral and unfortunately when i arrived (about 9:00pm) they ran out of many of the specials. table wine was the usual and served very cold. as a main i ordered the steak frites. a tough piece of meat to say the least. i think there are many other options in this fine area. the food was excellent, we he the ham and cheese sandwich. tarte du jour for dessert was splendid. kinda cramped space outside, but it gives you french vibes, and i loved it. great little resto in a great location. we had breakfast here twice and stopped in for coffee on another location. the food is great, service is excellent and the price is very reasonable. i would definitely recommend for breakfast or lunch! ugh. i felt like my ham and cheese sandwich was served on wonder bread. my partner had a semi decent cheese platter but it wasn't anything special (especially in paris). the service was lacking and the baguette was very dry, almost crouton status. i will give them credit for their low prices but we were severely disappointed wasting a meal here. just steps away from our hotel, this was the first restaurant we stumbled across as we valiantly attempted to stay awake the rest of the day after an overnight flight from california. i am blessing our incredible luck even today! the proprietor and his son (or grandson?) made us feel so welcome, and fed us the most amazing meal. we were starved and bleary-eyed, and they made us feel like family, seating us in a cozy corner by the window and attending to us sweetly, and in english (our french was so obviously poor, sigh). i had the duck, and it was, for lack of a better word, divine! i almost never eat my whole lunch, but i couldn't bear to leave any of that tender, perfectly cooked duck breast on my plate. my husband had the blue cheese penne pasta, which he also praised as "absolutely delish!" my sides of potatoes and a salad perfectly complemented the duck, and with a little baguette, made our meal complete. overall, reasonably priced, delicious, and among the most welcoming places i have ever visited for a meal. highly recommended -- i'd move in permanently if they'd have me! we just happened to pick this little cafe out of pure dumb luck. the food and the service were excellent. the value, quality of service and the meal were some of the best we have had in paris. this is a neighborhood cafe not a tourist stop, none the less the waiter did speak / understand minimal english.we went back tonight (sunday and they were closed - bummer). we plan on going back before we leave paris. the two of us got out for ~25 euro this included wine! enjoyed this very quaint and very small cafe. restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly.  i enjoyed people watching from the refined grandmother, to the young professionals in suits, to a group of middle age girlfriends, and the construction workers that came in for espresso.the food is excellent for the price. only one very slight issue, no glass of champagne. oh well, the red wine in a craft fit the bill instead. friendly, smiling service in a charming atmosphere. the food is a bit lacking (onion soup with a tomato broth?) but not bad considering the prices. happy to come here for a quick lunch, but if you're a tourist looking for something to write home about, you can likely do better. very good food and good service at a very reasonable price.this is a quiet little neighborhood cafe/bar near rue cler. the food tasted freshly prepared and seemed like local comfort food. the waiter spoke enough english to help us order with our limited french. three of us ordered off of the daily menu so we each got an entree, a main course, a dessert and a beverage at around 13 euros each. two of us got the baked chicken (moist and tender) and i got the pork roast which was also very tasty. the desserts of tiramisu and chocolate mousse were not fancy but tasted delicious. superb value at 14 euro for a three course meal with beverage. clean, quaint cafe/restaurant. this isn't haute-cuisine, but everything was tasty and the staff are genuinely friendly and nice. they speak enough english to help you navigate the menu and set menu for the day which includes several choices each for starter, main dish and dessert. also the "formule" includes your choice of wine, beer, soda, hot drink. also they bring tapwater to the table without being asked, which is fantastic as well. we ate here twice during our stay and we'll definitely eat here again the next time we're in paris. awesome value and very good food. excellent onion soup, carmel custard and chocolate moose were spectacular. waitress was awesome...sweet...attentive...sylvain? would go back!!!  3 courses with bread and wine in paris for 13.9 euros. too good to be true, but it is!!! been here 3 times and enjoyed all three meals. for the price you really cant go wrong. as others have said they have a dinner special - 3 courses for about 12 euro. very small and intimate but great food and service. was not disappointed and would recommend to others on a budget! a great find. went there for the apple tart and stayed for dinner. the pork filet, duck, and steak were great. the escargot was just outstanding. all locals in the place. this was probably my best dinner the entire month that i was in europe. i got the 13 euro menu which was an amazing price for paris, and had the specials of the day: mozzarella and tomatoes, rabbit cooked in mustard sauce and chocolate mousse. it was soooooo so so good and our waiter was really kind and helpful. highly recommend!	1	0	0	0	1
 i was wandering the streets of paris and kept seeing people walking down rue saint-andr des arts eating delicious looking wraps and finally i found the source of these amazing wraps. i've never had lebanese food before, but i was not disappointed.the chicken shwarma & falafel wraps were both delicious. highly recommend for a take-out evening dinner. this is definitely one of the best things i've eaten in paris. the smell of this place was amazing. there are menus in multiple languages so we didn't have trouble ordering. i had the arayes wrap (i think that was the name). it was sooooo good!!! the wrap was crispy and the meat was extremely flavorful. there was also a sauce but i have no idea what it is. i just know it really complimented the wrap. i shared this with my boyfriend (i wish i had my own!!!) no worries. we came back later before leaving paris to get our own. we took our wrap and ate it by the river. it was such a great meal! it was also inexpensive and i liked that because i was spending way too much money on food in paris. this was the best thing i had in paris during my 4 day trip there! loli had the kefta which was delicious and not too heavy. the falafels were tasty but soggy with delivery. i used uber eats to get it delivered to my hotel. super convenient and great lste night munches! i wish i was hungrier to try another sandwich! new lebanese restaurant that just opened! the food is great ! a real touch of lebanese cuisine in paris. wow. the le kafta wrap here is a must have! you can watch them make your wrap and indulge afterwards. every bite is so good. definitely come try this place if you're visiting you won't regret it. also great area to walk around and snack. if cheap eats is your thing, chez le libanais is the perfect spot!friendly staff and they speak english. everything is made to order, even the wrap itself. it is cooked right in front of you on their rounded grill top. chicken wrap - 6 euro - freshly made wrap, similar to a tortilla, filled with chicken, cheese, and lettuce. nicely seasoned with middle eastern flavors.chocolate banana crepe - 6 euro - fresh made crepe stuffed with melty chocolate and fresh banana slices.great snack if you are on the go during your paris excursions. we wanted to love it but just couldn't come close. we ordered the turkey wrap as well as the roasted eggplant salad. the things we didn't like were:a) food safety...the cashier touched money and then the food...without washing his hands.b) quality of ingredients. the turkey slices looked foam like - similar to bologna. it also didn't taste fresh.c) 5 euros for the eggplant salad is such a joke. you don't get much, and then it is quite possibly the biggest disappointment of a week in paris. check out the picture - it's just grey mush. if you're the kind of person who needs to save money on food after splurging 90 euros (gah!!) in a single visit to a world famous patisserie - eat here.if your blood has only sugar coursing through it and you need savory food to re-align your taste buds - eat here.if you've spent the last couple of hours imbibing and need a sense of balance - eat here.if you've traveled far to eat at the famous kosher restaurant, l'as du fallafel, and find them closed, don't sweat or swear - eat here (these guys are open 7 days a week from 11 am to 11 pm)if you like standing in a long, slow moving line behind couples aggressively making out (hey, it's paree..) - eat here.if you're searching for the parisian equivalent of the halal guys from nyc - don't eat here... seriously don't. these guys may not be as efficient as the halal guys, but their food is simply in a different league altogether. completely on top of their game. they don't simply have one kind of white sauce, and the toum (garlic sauce) is wonderful. they also have 32 sandwich options, including 12 for vegetarians). i ate the chich taouk the first time here with l'arayess... to make sure it wasn't a one-off euphoria, i ate here the next evening as well, this time trying the beef shawarma instead. again, the meat was soft, tender and juicy - and the spice mix unique.fyi: the spice mix (proprietary) in the chich taouk is not crack. i hate the use of the word in food reviews, and so i'm not going to use it here. definitely not :)the glowing yelp reviews show that they have been discovered. but, not to the extent that they will be known in coming years. legendary. these guys are going to be legendary with their fame spread far and wide for all visitors (and locals) to paris. i'm calling it before anyone else does.oh, and if you're the special kind of genius who complains that he'd rather have made use of the limited days in paris to eat at joel robuchon's restaurant instead of the  5-6 manakeesh you find here - don't eat here. i'm torn on this review. when i ordered the dish and ate it, i loved it. lots of unique medeterrian flavors. service was fine; a little standoff-ish but whatever. it's a small place and one recent night it was pretty crowded. good portion too.but what i realized i was tasting was just tons of garlic. must've been buckets and my stomach didn't really agree with the meal later that evening. sick? no. but rather an intolerance to that much garlic.so, know your system. if you love garlic, this place is going to suit your bill. otherwise, it's the kind of meal that stays with you and stays with you, until you just can't take it any longer. this place is beyond excellent. everything was very flavorful and it was inexpensive. there is a booth you can sit at to eat your food. i could eat her everyday. i wandered by this place on my first evening in paris. i was drawn in by the two large menu boards posted outside that have a large section dedicated to vegetarian wraps/sandwiches (including 4 or 5 vegan options). i opted for the aubergine wrap, which was quite good. i came back a few days later for the batata wrap, and that was simply awesome. probably my favorite meal in paris.i especially like this spot because the prices are low and the service is fun and friendly. they staff make the meals right in front of you, and they laugh and dance as they go. they have menus printed in french, spanish, english, portuguese, russian, and maybe others as well, so it's also friendly to tourists. good but not great. portions are small compared to the pita guys down the street. also it's more expensive. the meat was good but that's about it. just go 500 yards down the street and you'll get great gyros and fries for 5 euro. the arayess (spelled incorrectly i'm sure...) will haunt my dreams as one of the best sandwiches i've ever had. it was exactly what i needed after a long day of walking through paris. we got there around 8 on a friday night and were the third people in line to order- by the time we left 25 minutes later (we ordered a lot!), the line was way way longer. my guess is this place gets even more crowded as the night wears on. there are a ton of menu options and the menus are available in a lot of different languages, which was helpful. there are six stools in the back to sit at if you want, and they had air conditioning blowing in which was nice - we waited there while they prepared our food. people who just got a single sandwich seemed to only wait about 5 minutes. they do have a single bathroom in the back, but i didn't have the chance to check it out. very friendly shop with english-speaking staff (atleast, when we were there).the food was very fresh tasting, and not as heavy as i expected. a great stop for fast lebanese food. i refuse to spend all my money at tourist traps and end up feeling ripped off. i did some research on cheap local eateries and this one was one of the top faves i bookmarked. after passing by the streets filled with tons of creperies, brasseries, cafes...etc. i was afraid this place would end up being just like the rest of them. but after going through mazes of alley ways and streets, we finally found this place. it's a tiny hole in the all vendor with very little seating inside (about 8 bar seating). i ordered the falafel wrap while the beau ordered the shwarma meat wrap. he originally wanted the kafta wrap but they didn't have any at the time. both our wraps together came out to 10,90! you can't beat that at a cafe anywhere in paris!the food was absolutely delicious and filling! they don't use the usual thick pita bread like we do in the states which is perfect for me because i'm not a huge bread fan. instead they make them nice and thin, almost like a crispy crepe. the man who helped us spoke english and was extremely friendly and helpful. i almost don't want to review it to keep this a hidden secret but i must share it with my fellow yelpers! at 10 in the night, this teeny little joint was buzzing with patrons. when you see these sandwiches being freshly prepared right in front of you, you wouldn't want to resist them, do you?for less than 10 euros, it's cash only. i don't remember the name of the dish that i ordered, but it was the very first one from the menu. with fillings of cheese, olives, mayonnaise, chicken, tomatoes, it was just delicious! i was not even hungry in the first place, but gobbled it up in no time.everyone is very friendly here and they speak english as well. definitely recommend stopping by this place when you are in saint michel/notre dame neighborhood. stumbled upon them while looking for a quick easy meal and wow was impressed! got the soujouk with garlic sauce and my husband the shawerma, both fantastic! went again the next day because it was so satisfying! i've had chez le libanais bookmarked for a while but i finally went this past weekend. my friends & i were out celebrating a birthday when i realized that i didn't have dinner yet (don't wanna get hangry or sick when you're partying!) so i came here when i realized the bar we were in was very close to it. i'm so glad i came - for 4,90 euros i had an incredibly delicious kefta (ground beef) sandwich that tasted super fresh & delicious! my sandwich consisted of meat, hummus, and veggies and i really like that they added extra veggies per my request for free!this is hands down one of my favorite places for street food. the reason is that not only is it cheap, convenient, & delicious but it's also healthy and doesn't leave you feeling guilty or bloated. nothing in my sandwich was fried or included any artificial or sugary ingredients. i also love that their flour is all organic (mentioned on the menu wall). if you're looking for lunch on the go or you need a snack later at night (but not too late as they still close before bars do), this is totally your place! delicious stop in for a quick meal. ordered chicken shawarma and tabbouleh and both hit the spot. shawarma had balanced, fresh flavors and i really like pickles in the sandwich. tabbouleh was made well, minimal bulgur and lots of veg and parsley. atmosphere - small with a counter inside and out if choosing to stay and eat.price - sandwich 6 and tabbouleh 5, the sandwich was more economical of 2 but any meal this price is incredibly reasonable in paris. there are menus posted inside and out, just head inside to order and they'll call your name when food is ready. enjoy! if there's a line outside a place, you know it's got to be good, especially when that place shares a street with several other restaurants. as others have mentioned, it's a cheap price - i paid a little over 10 euros for a falafel wrap and a shawarma wrap. they're not gigantic, as i ate both for dinner, but you could be ok with just one.the wraps are made with a thin crispy pita, as opposed to the fluffy doughy kind i'm used to in the states. the falafel could be crunchier, but i was pleasantly surprised by the inclusion of fresh basil in the wrap. it was strong, almost too strong, but i liked what it added. the shawarma wrap didn't have any, but the meat had a good spice and flavor to it.chez le libanais hits the rare cheap/good/open late trifecta for paris. worth a stop if you're nearby and just want a quick bite to eat. last night my husband and i ran across chez le libanais while exploring the neighborhood around our hotel. we found a large crowd waiting to place their orders, while other establishments offering similar menu items were noticeably quieter. we made a mental note to return the next day to find out what was drawing in so many diners. surely the food must be very good for all those people to wait in line to get it! today we went back for lunch and found the restaurant very busy again, but were certainly willing to wait. i ordered the poulet de schwarma and my husband had falafel. both sandwiches were delicious! very flavorful and all fresh ingredients. i wanted to try everything, but will have to return to sample something else from the menu.the people working there obviously love what they do and are so friendly and welcoming! i recommend you check them out. just remember, you may have to wait a short time. read the menu outside and be ready with your order at the register. super crowded, super good. grab a sandwich and go eat by the river.they don't fries on the menu, for those for an unhealthy side, but the shawerma itself is delicious. it was an ok place. i must admit the taste must be great but we had a takeaway and they gave us chicken (i am positive) from night before reheated. why 3 stars then, because i want to give them benefit of doubt and our second order was chicken shawarma platter and it tasted great. they also missed our doughnut. we had to check our bag, ask them for doughnut and then we we got it. so... i have a feeling they were being dishonest. great food and great service  however i think the sandwiches could have had more meat in it  it tasted more like ground beef rather than steak great felafel wrap and lebanon pilsner beer. tip for a romantic or solo river bank picnic. take your order to go, and walk 5 minutes towards the pont saint -michel bridge and right before you cross the bridge, there are steps that lead down to the river bank and you can sit along the bank and enjoy people watching and admiring all the beatux that are cruising by over hyped restaurant. there is nothing special about the restaurant. i ordered falafel and it didn't have as many as expected falafel. i've had better falafel with pita pockets and lot more stuffing in it. it is crowded because it is cheap and they barely have chairs for dine in. in the middle of a bunch of terrible "tourist-traps" restaurants, chez le libanais is a fortunate exception.they sell typical lebanese sandwiches at a very cheap price. the sandwiches are fresh, tasty and do not feel like a anvil in your stomach as common kebabs do. i particularly love the "kafta poulet" (chicken kafta) sandwich for its freshness (fresh coriander and parsley give it a unique taste). and it costs less than 5 euros! the price is almost unbelievable... after seeing high reviews on yelp we decided to give this a try. found the place with a large line in front which is always encouraging, and the place was abuzz. we had a falafel pita wrap which was pretty average. we had a similar meal at airport leaving chicago and i would argue the airport version was better, more sauce, more flavor. perhaps next time we will try something with meat and a lot more sauce.ordering was somewhat disorganized, and it was hard to get in and out of the establishment. there was also a parisian woman smoking a small cigar practically inside the restaurant. what a hack! made the place smell tenable and took away from the experience.still, service was friendly. just didn't live up to the 4.5 star hype. pretty average compared to all the other dining options. best falafel of my life. the wrap is thinner than normal associations with pita. the falafels themselves were moist and flavorful. tahini and parsley to round things off. tabbouleh was exceptional too. mind blowing actually. this little place is tucked away but a good find. the seating is limited but turns over quickly as the food is quickly prepared and eaten.i got a platter which was pretty good. the price was pretty good given the amount of food. however, the chicken and the beef that i got wasn't necessarily well seasoned. the lettuce, garlic sauce, yogurt, pita and everything else that i got was pretty good.if i were to return, i'd probably go with a wrap.	1	0	0	0	0
 after traveling around europe for a week, i was really craving something asian. i've been to the ippudo in hong kong and fell in love with ippudo's broth. it's full of porky flavor and makes me feel so warm and cozy inside. i always order spicy and it really hit the spot! the meat is tender and juicy. the noodles are cooked perfectly, which really completes the bowl of ramen. i came here for a semi early dinner and there wasn't a lot of people. i thought there would be a line of people since other ippudo spots around the world are always filled with people. but then again it was ramen in paris! never made it to the one in nyc, but ramen and in paris? it can't be beat.the servers were very nice, we came right around noon and it wasn't busy yet but within 15 minutes of sitting down the place was already packed and there was a long line! we all got different ramen bowls, and they all tasted great. can't wait to come back! i'm from new york city and i live in new orleans now and when we arrived in paris it had been approximately 9 months since i'd had good ramen. the last ramen i had was at ippudo in nyc so naturally, when my noodle craving hit and i found out that ippudo was now in my parisian hood, i had to try it. we have a knack for arriving just before the rush and on a weeknight in the 5th, this time seems to be about 7:30pm. we were seated quickly in the back (so hot) but moved to the front so that we could breathe. we ordered the gyoza, pork belly bun, and two akamaru bowls both with the soft egg. the appetizers were fine but immediately we noticed that something was wrong with our ramen because the bowls didn't look alike. mine was missing that delicious red miso-looking stuff that flavors the broth but my husband had his (but, it was basically chili paste and not the stuff they serve in nyc). the other thing that was different was the texture of the broth. i know that sounds douchey, but i like my ramen slightly grainy and a liiiittttle thicker than what they serve at this ippudo. the most important critique i have is that the broth just wasn't flavorful. again, my husband had more 'stuff' in his ramen even though we ordered the same exact thing and his was slightly better, but mine tasted like when you add too much milk to your coffee and your coffee flavor just becomes watered down (you know what i'm talking about). the redeeming factor was the service. our server was not put off by our english and we worked through the language difference without it ever being frustrating.so, for consistency's sake i have to dock a star; i couldn't stand that i was missing ingredients! for actual delicious' sake, i will also dock a star because the food wasn't as strong and flavorful as i expected it to be (based on the nyc ippudo). oh.my.goodness!!!paris! yes...paris! i can't believe that of all the places in the world that paris would be the place where i would experience the best ramen i've had so far.it's hard to put into words and describe the goodness and the delight i had after this dining encounter. it was great!they offer choices on how you wanted your noodles prepared; i opted for al dente (kata).ordered the karaka--their classic tonkotsu pork broth topped pork belly with "karaka" (spicy goodnes) and the paris exclusive tori shoyu (chicken soup). we also got the tamago (soft-boiled egg) option for both ramen.if you don't like it spicy, you can ask them to put the spicy paste on the side and just add to your liking. i've eaten at some great ramen joints in my life, namely in the san francisco bay area, new york, and la. we were craving ramen during our paris visit so we figured we'd go to one of the most famous places around without the wait and hype of ny. since parisiennes eat later than americans, it worked in our favor! we ate at around 630pm, and the place was near empty. i ordered the basic tonkotsu based ramen for 13, which comes with kikurage mushrooms, scallions, and two slices of pork. you choose the ramen doneness as well--we chose al dente. you can add an egg for 1, add two slices of pork for 2, and get the "special combo" for 17. the pricing scale is similar for the other two soup bases (extra umami paste and spicy). my dining companion ordered the extra umami ramen and it was a little strong for his liking and he didn't finish the broth. my ramen was pretty delicious and i slurped it down, but at the end i didn't think it was particularly special. felt more bare bones than a treat. service was quick and we were in and out in about 50 minutes. +1 for the cool bathroom. please don't judge. we are american/canadian tourists in paris craving for asian food after being in europe for just a week.... i was convincing my wife not to eat anything asian while we were there, but i failed miserably, because i am also a lover for ramen. we had never tried ippudo, but have seen this famous chain multiple times in tokyo, taipei, hongkong, and nyc. can't believe we're trying it the first time in paris.i don't need to say much more than that this place deserves a 5-star rating, we came for an early meal and didn't have to wait. i wished the portion was bigger, or the price was cheaper, but it was also at a price location here... so kind of justifies the price tag. take a look at the pictures the others took... they look amazing.. i'd definitely come here again! :d it's not exactly like ippudo ny but worth a try. the vegetarian soup had some thin slices of fennel (i hate fennel) and the noodles were not quite ramen noodles. a good fix though when you want to avoid french food tldr; best ramen place in paris easily, fantastic place to eatippudo is hands down my favorite ramen place in the states, so when i found out that it existed in paris, i knew i had to come, and i haven't been disappointed. i probably frequent this place at least twice a week and the quality is always consistent, service is courteous and fast, and it's always a great experience here. tbh the best part about this place relative to their international counterparts is the fact that there's almost never a line! it's awesome. there are only five bowls of ramen here -- the first three i believe are in the nyc menu as well. but i've had the shiromaru, akamaru, and the tori shoyu. i prefer the shiromaru and the tori shoyu and typically alternate between those two bowls. the akamaru is a little bit too oily for me. the shiromaru and tori shoyu both have delicious broths, and tasty noodles. the chicken in the tori shoyu is a little too dry for my liking, but i find the additional of yuzu rinds to be a refreshing take on an otherwise fairly traditional shoyu. i will typically also add the ippudo tamago for an extra euro -- their tamago is quite delicious and it's marinated and the yolk has a nice flavor. in terms of appetizers, i have only tried the gyoza and their hakata buns. both dishes are fine, but nothing spectacular. you come here for the ramen. ippudo paris also allows you to order the texture of noodles that you would prefer, from soft to fairly al dente. i typically go for al dente since i prefer harder noodles, and have found that to be delicious. service is friendly and they are english and credit card friendly which i appreciate. the prices here are also cheaper than nyc -- about 13 euros for a bowl of noodles with tamago. overall, i'm thrilled that paris has ippudo -- the quality is quite consistent with what you get in the states as well. easily my favorite place to dine in paris. this review is for going back in september 2016. after a day of being sick in paris, i craved soup. when i found out there was an ippudo in paris well naturally i had to go!! i love ippudo! i've only had the one in new york but i was sold! so obviously coming here i was super excited. no long wait, interior was nice but tables are jammed pack so you can totally hear the other tables convo, hate that.now for the food. definitely a different menu than the one in new york. husband got the pork buns and said they were good.our ramen, how should i describe it....interesting. noodles were on point, the broth i don't even have words. like it was sweet but not hearty :/ see it was weird. wasn't digging it, but didn't want to waste food. all i can say is it's alright but weird and not like new york location at all. my husband ate my pork and his pork and the next day had diarrhea. so yea :( maybe all ippudo chains aren't good. or maybe it was an off night. not sure, but won't be back the best ramen in paris. the hirata buns are delicious and a must try. service is excellent and everything is very reasonably priced. what?! did i see correctly on yelp that there is an ippudo in paris?! how and when did they happen?! i need to go there pronto to make sure this is foreal...i went here for lunch the day after i found out this place existed, and i was not disappointed. it's a bit hidden, near the odeon metro stop. i came around 4pm-still trying to recover from jet lag. i walked up to the restaurant, and it looked closed...i was about to cry in disappointment, but then i saw they were open...thank you! apparently, they usually close at 3:30pm to take a break, but they were experimenting staying open all day...not sure if that is going to last, since the restaurant was really empty when i was there, there were only a few other people dining. this was good for me that i did not have to wait, but not good for business. everything was similar to the locations in nyc from what i can remember. the only difference i noticed was they do not serve iced green tea, so i got a hot matcha green tea instead. the pork bao buns were as amazing as i remember. i ordered the modern with the noodles al dente, and it was perfect, and the dish stayed warm during the duration of my meal, impressive! all the staff were very friendly, and greet you when you enter and exit the restaurant. i'm so happy to have this option in paris. it provided a much needed break from french food. highlights: pork hakata buns and chicken shoyu ramen with extra kikurage mushrooms. the pork buns had a really great sweet and savory sauce. we even ordered an additional pork bun to share after we were full just so it could be the last thing we had :))still good (so you know what else we tried): gyoza, chicken hakata buns and spicy pork ramen, classic ramen.the gyoza had really nice thin skins and tasty fillings.ambience: cozy, but not overwhelmingly nice or cute. my boyfriend and i decided to try this place out on sunday night for dinner. we came at 5:50pm, 10 minutes before they opened at 6 pm and there were already 6 or so parties ahead of us. it was raining so the servers brought out umbrellas for those under the rain which i found so kind! at 6 pm, they opened the doors and the whole team of ten or so employees greeted us with enthusiasm in japanese! there was only one japanese employee. they are english and japanese friendly and even had menus in these languages. the ambience of this place is very nice yet simple. the service is also extremely attentive. after looking at the menus for a few minutes, we were ready to order so the server immediately came to take our order. to start, we ordered the gyozas and two pork buns. for our meals, we both got the spicy ramen, my boyfriend got hi made "special" which came with two extra pork pieces, nori/seaweed, and an egg. i got mine with an egg and mushrooms. the noodles can be cooked four different ways, depending on how hard you want them to be. we got ours al dente. you can also order extra ramen noodles on the side of you want more noodles with your broth.as for the other ramen choices: there were two pork options, one which came with more garlic. the fourth option was completely vegetarian. you can add extra toppings as you please!the gyozas were delicious but tiny. the pork buns were surprisingly good! each gyoza was maybe a bite size so they are tiny!! the pork was cooked in soy sauce and came in a bun with mayo and iceberg lettuce. the ramens were huge! i didn't like the egg very mug because it was cold even after having sat in my broth. i found this very off putting. the noodles were super thin and cooked well. the spicy broth was not very spicy, i wish it had more kick to it. we always had water because the servers would constantly bring us new bottles which is such a pleasant surprise here in paris where service is often awful. our whole meal came to 46 which was not bad. the employees all say hello and goodbye in unison which i found adorable. cozy little ramen shop serving up a nice menu of both traditional and more modern, interesting ramen. i'm giving it 4 stars for the ramen, but it may deserve 5 for paris as i'm not familiar with the other options. in dc (or most major us cities these days) this would be good, but not the best ramen.everything was good, but just missing that last little oomph to get it up to 5 stars. the chashu (pork) was great, but a little fattier than i'd like. the noodles were great, but could have used a bit more flavor of their own instead of relying entirely on the broth.still, this is a strong ramen showing and i'd go back again. i remember when ippudo first came to nyc and it was so hard to get in due to the ridiculous line up. now that they are available in several locations in london and paris and there is no barrier to get in, it makes you wonder if the ramen there was ever anything special.i was underwhelmed with the one we went to in canary wharf london, but relatively speaking for paris, ippudo is good if you want good ramen. having eaten a lot of ramen recently all over paris, i would say that the quality is good and the price point is reasonable paris standard. don't bother looking for better in paris if you are looking for comfort ramen - guaranteed you will be lucky to find better. the first time i had ippudo was in ny and was excited to find a location in paris! it was just as good as what i remembered. we had the hirata buns to start and that was amazing!!! i'm drooling for them right now as i write this. i also had the shiromaru special with the soft boiled egg. omg!!! that soft boiled egg was delicious and the broth was just perfect!! i'm going to try and eat here again before we leave paris!! wanted to try this place after craving for some good ramen. definitely no hype compared to nyc. restaurant half empty at 6:30p. everything pretty salty. don't care for the thin noodles that look & taste like hong kong noodles. you can chose what texture you like your noodles cooked at but don't think it really matters with thin noodles. same star rating for the food in ny. if it wasn't for the bar there, it may be as empty as this place the broth was perfect especially for a rainy day. this really hit the spot! i'm in love with paris but i was really craving some shinramen (ha) and this filled that void and then some. i tried the matcha tiramisu and ice cream and they were both awesome. perfect end to the meal. the interior is very chic and clean. great use of space :) yums! can't go wrong with this one. the brand is well known and they maintain a standard everywhere. slurp away! every time i go to a new city, i'm on the hunt for ramen or authentic japanese food. we were considering a few other ramen shops but my husband and i decided to try ippudo as we were in the neighborhood sight seeing and it began to rain.i wouldn't call this the best ramen i've had but it was certainly good - not too salty, noodles cooked perfectly and flavorful broth. i will say however i was disappointed in the up charges for additional ingredients that usually come standard in a bowl of ramen like nori and egg.service was very friendly and food came out lightening fast. would definitely recommend if you find yourself craving ramen in paris. ippudo is the king of ramen. it is truly the best authentic ramen hakata tonkotsu pork soup in paris and arguably in the world. in paris and i find myself at a ramen noodle shop. the first night, yes there was more than one occasion at this place, i had the spicy karaka. the soup was not too spicy for me with flavors of the dish just bold enough. that being said, i did wish for more noodles. the second visit i had the wings, which were tasty but a bit salty. i would visit again. solid ramen. a lot of employees and probably the best service we had in paris. tried ippudo in nyc and also tokyo. each has a slightly different menu, i think this one is the smallest of the 3. there is a tonkotsu, a salty one and a veggie ramen with slight variations of each broth. the gyoza is good but very small. rather not have gotten that and hand more dessert around the st. germaine area. great spot for those ready for some ramen. my favorite ramen place is also here in paris! i only passed by this street and place so many times. i didn't notice it the first few times. but when i finally did see it, i said to myself that it couldn't be the same one from ny. but i looked it up and it was! just like the ones in ny, you can't make reservations. you need to show up and get in a queue in front of the restaurant. i prefer to come before they open and thus guaranteed to be part of the first seating. i ordered my usual hirata bun (pork bun) [4 for one] and, since they have a different menu, i ordered the karaka special [17] with bari kata (firm) noodles. (the ippudo ny just had the karaka-men).the hirata bun was just as i remembered. the bun fluffy. the pork tender and tasty. my fave!the karaka (ramen) was different from the one in ny. let me say that the broth, noodles, the egg, and chasu pork were the same. so tasty. here you get to choose how firm or soft you want the noodle to be. the differences. the bowl is smaller and thus the portion smaller. (which i don't mind). the spicy-ness of the paris one is much much more mild than the ny one. this, i liked since i used to have to control the amount of spice i mixed into the soup with the ny one. the paris one doesn't automatically come with the mushrooms! i didn't realize it until i was already halfway through my soup. and that is one of my favorite parts since it gives it another texture and crunchiness to it. oh well. maybe next time. all in all, it was a great meal and the service was very good. nice flavor of soup but on the salty side! the pork belly is very tender and juicy. the place is more spacious than many parisian restaurants and can accommodate large groups of up to 10 people. this ramen restaurant is part of a worldwide chain of ramen joints originating in japan. it's the real deal. the noodles are cooked to order, the broths are very tasty, and the ramen eggs delicious. having just been to japan this fall, these ramen brought me back to the tastes of real ramen! go, eat! don't be surprised that the waiters are mostly not, japanese, the recipes and ramen most certainly are... this place is good. i had the vegetarian ramen and it was everything i expected. i live near many asian communities in the states so ramen out there is the best thing next to what you find in japan. this place used a different textured ramen than what i'm used to but it's still very tasty. the staff is nice and the place had a sort of bar seating area for single visitors. if i lived in paris i would be a regular here. when we saw there was an ippudo here in paris we had to make a stop here. we loved ramen in japan and we just had to give this a try.it was delicious!!! prefect amount of spice we only made a stop in paris to have lunch here. we had our first ramen in osaka at ippudo and we loved it. so we had to go to paris. the ramen was good. if u have been to japan, nyc or la, you'll be disappointed with this outpost (both locations in paris). it's just ok but no punch. i had two different versions so really no stand out. quite bland. price for just some regular food is ok but if you are searching for mouth watering ramen, pass this place by. i wanted to find a place in paris, but the search continues.	1	1	1	0	0
 good, affordable pizza in paris! let's get something out of the way - this pizza is not the highest quality ever, but at the given price point, it punches above its weight class. the small pizzeria has received over 40 awards and there is a good reason for that. it's a solid pizza choice that may be a bit out of the way but it is totally worth it! it's packed full of flavor, the experience is memorable, the staff is friendly and always happy, and the customers are no different.solid, solid place! pizza julia really is as good as i had heard it to be. i had the vegan pizza, and the pan was amazing. i would have loved vegan cheese on it but the garnish was really well thought-out and felt like enough. my friends got the cheese pizza and absolutely loved it. we can feel that every ingredient is chosen and manipulated carefully. a real taste of italy! finally a good pizza parlor in paris! the pizzas are made to order, and the dough is amazing. the toppings are also fresh and delicious, but the dough is what made it top notch for me. at ~9-12 the pizza (coming with a free drink), it was a very good surprise.service is also great - both the cooks and the waiter are awesome, super friendly with everybody coming in. do not plan to eat in there though - the shop is tiny, there are only four stools and you'll probably regret not taking your pizza to go! delicious, well made pizza, great for take away! had the poulet one, perfect poulet et veggies! one of my favorite pizza places ever! the pizza is so good and the staff is super nice and very helpful! even in paris, pizza is a good value. the pizza tasted really fresh. we ordered the pizza julia and the vegetarian pizza, both were good. the restaurant itself is a hole-in-the-wall carryout only type, and the employees were very patient and explained the menu. was rather underwhelmed with pizza julia. to be clear - the food gets a solid 3-3.5 stars. the service definitely gets more of a 4-4.5 stars! very nice people, one of the pizza makers speaks great english as well. also, not expensive at all.i ordered the "chef" it has proscuitto, some veggies and balsamic on it. overall i just wasn't that impressed for a pizza place that is supposed to be best in the city! still good though, don't get me wrong. the crust was perfect. the flavors just really didn't work that well for me. if i have time i will give it another shot before i leave paris! pizza julia was amazing. my friend and i were looking for an inexpensive but cute pizza restaurant and came across pizza julia in the 11th district. it's small but definitely worth the visit. the staff was super friendly, and they spoke english! this minuscule pizzeria packs a whole lotta punch. the walls are literally plastered with certificates and awards flaunting its status and the duo behind the counter (not sure of their relation, but they're certainly not shy when it comes to expressing their critiques towards one another) add a lively twist to the already charged environment. i called before opening hours to try and order a few pies to go and i was told it would take an hour, but to call in 15 minutes to see if we could have them earlier. as we were driving through the neighborhood we just stopped by, and i was able to place the order face-to-face. the wait was a good 15 minutes as there was already a queue of people. while the chef was preparing the pizzas they didn't look like anything out of the ordinary, but when we put them in our mouths once home, it was clear why people love this place: the crust is perfect! just the right balance of doughy to crispy, floppy to firm, and the salt factor was spot on (often an issue i find with french pizzas). the sauce is homemade and the toppings fresh while not at all out the ordinary. to call in the best in the city? i wouldn't go that far, but for take-away pizza the quality/cost is pretty great and as a bonus they give you a free drink for every pizza when you check-in on yelp. my wife and i were out late in paris 10pm and lots of places in the area we had been (champs elysee area) were closing. instead of searching too hard, we decided to just get pizza and eat it back at the airbnd. my wife made a great call. here's why:1) pizza julia is in the bastille area and was really convenient to where we were staying.2) the service was great. the order taker spoke english and this made the process easy. he was really nice and i wish i knew his name to give him credit.3) the chicken royal pizza was awesome and really hit the spot.4) the pizzas are super affordable. we basically got a whole pizza for 10 euro. we thought since it was so cheap it would be like a personal pan pizza. no, it is a little larger than a cpk pizza. well worth the price.5) they literally took 5-10 mins to make the pizza. pizza hut takes like 40! we were impressed.the one thing to note, if you want to eat in, there are only 2 seats and they are right next to the ordering counter. one of the absolute best pies i have had. the crust is very fresh, crunchy yet still soft on the inside. the toppings appeared to be very fresh. we went on a busy saturday night and after ordering with the very nice gentleman was told it would be about 15 minutes. the menu was in several different languages, i believe 4 or 5. there are seats to eat in for 4 people, of course they were not available while we were there which explains people sitting on the sidewalk for blocks with this pizza! i am not sure why, but when we were leaving with our pies the gentleman offered us two free drinks of our choice. very kind, and speedy quick even during what i imagine is their busiest time! i followed everyone on yelps reviews, and wound up here after drinking a bottle of wine... and i was incredibly thankful.first off, the place is seriously teeny. it reminded me of my favorite place for pizza in nyc, which has no seating.i got the pizza julia, for 8 euros, and it definitely was enough for two people. the crust, the seasoning, the eggplant? everything was so goodthe owner was also so sweet and welcoming. he deserves many more awards!go here! this place has the best pizza we found in paris out of our two weeks spent there. we came one day and they were closed because of a holliday, so we came back the next. so worth it! we will make this place a stop next time we travel to paris. this place was amazing!!! the pizza was so so good! we got the chef & the four seasons. we took one to go and ate one in. they gave us drinks with our pizzas too! they were so nice and spoke english with a smile! it was super helpful since i made this trip on the fly and my french is very poor. i will be back for this place! i live in nyc and i wish i had pizza this good there. a pie in nyc can be $25 so i found all of these very reasonable and super super fresh!!! solid pizza and the owner is super sweet and helpful. however, this place is not deserving of the five-star review in my opinion. i had the pizza regina and i've eaten many better thin-crust pizzas. it's a good option if you are in the area and looking for take-out, but not worth traveling across town for. there are only four seats in there so don't count on eating in. the pizza here was great. we got the chvre miel and it was really delicious. good portions. as i was walking out i slipped and fell and one of the people that worked their caught me with catlike reflexes. very impressed. super food and life saving staff!! great value pizza, great tasting and great service. one pizza can feed two. reception, chef, and owner were all very warm and welcoming. you see the chef toss and prepare the pizza in front of you. i would return and definitely recommend it if you want authentic pizza! where there's smoke, there's fire! well that's what "they" say and normally that's true but at pizza julia the smoke is as a result of the cooking some serious amount of pizza in a shop the size of most walk-in closets with poor ventilation. and as is the norm with popular restaurants in paris, there was a heard of people huddled around the front door upon my arrival, waiting for what i've read is some serious pizza.having a look at the menu, you have a few of the paris/europe regular pizzas and some pizzas unique to the chef, as well as the pizza julia named for the restaurant. for me, i was always told that you judge a pizzeria not on the crazy combinations they can create but rather to start first with the basic margherita. this gives you the opportunity to clearly taste the sauce, cheese and bread all the while seeing if the chef adheres to the neapolitan pizza techniques for a certifiably great pizza.upon paying 8 euros for a takeaway margherita pizza, i had to wait for another eight pizzas and one calzone to be served up to the poor souls seated in front of a mirror and the others cramped in the remaining waiting/ordering area, 10 minutes later with pizza in hand i headed back outside to find a place to sit and eat.finally, seating secured outdoors on a frozen tiled bench i dug in. first thing that i noticed was that this was not a pizza margherita, instead it was a pizza marinara. this is noteworthy because margherita as the menu listed it, comes with fresh basil whereas the marinara comes with oregano. second was that while the pizza seemed correct in size, the dough looked like what you'd get from a frozen pizza - flat and hard, seemingly not hand-made and definitely not: "when cooked, it should be soft, elastic, tender and fragrant" as stated by associazione vera pizza napoletana. third i'll combine the remaining two points for brevity, the sauce was good, not amazing and the cheese, which the menu stated was a double shot of mozzarella appeared and tasted to be a grated hard cheese.for me, i had to make quite a trek to get to pizza julia and while the staff were very friendly and the experience unique, i can't say i'll return. if you're looking for great pizza in paris where they can really deliver on a pizza margherita then stop by either pizza cesar or o'scia, they have consistent results that are inline with what you'll find in italy. i'm new to the paris area, but so far this has been great food and great customer service! umm average pizza, overpriced. weird when i asked for a takeaway box (kept saying "one minute", talking in french to the chef & ignoring us repeatedly as we waited for our pastry boxes - what they packed then in. the 3 of us weren't good enough for a normal pizza box apparently). i don't know what they wanted from us. only 3 tight seats inside a tiny joint, so do g go looking to have a nice sit down dinner. it was also raining outside so the poor service & mediocre pizza was a bummer. i heard this was one of the best pizza places in paris. so one day i went to check it out. i am very happy i did. they have an awesome pizza menu (not just in french but english, italian, german and spanish!). the prices were perfect for those of us on a budget. very small shop but super friendly people! also it's clear why it's so popular by all the awards they have! i had the pizza napolitaine, and it was delicious! highly recommend this place. really great pizza ! i took the goat cheese one with honey, and wow it was the best i ever had. the honey was really good ! very nice service! have english (and other) menus. the pizzas are perfect for two and were made to order. great place to pick up a pie to go. no where to sit really (it's a very tight could seat high top) so more of a grab and go. it was exactly what i needed after a long travel and sight seeing day...grabbed a bottle of wine on my way back to my hotel and had a gourmet dinner looking out my hotel window in the city. pizza was good. service was friendly. price was cheap. if your ordering off the english menu make sure to choose a more simple pizza as they got one of our two orders wrong (the more complicated one). best pizza i have ever had! the place is very very small but there are about 5 stools to sit at if you want to eat there. all the ingredients are really fresh i loved the pizza here! my husband and i made a special trip to pizza julia after hearing some rave reviews. extremely friendly staff. tasty pizza. good prices. large pies that can easily be shared for two people. my husband and i came here for dinner on our last night in paris. it's gotta be one of the top 3 meals we had in our whole trip, london included. the place is tiny, and it gets busy. we ate out pizza at the counter and there's really no space to move, especially when people start coming in and lining up to order. the pizza is done quick and it's absolutely the best feeling to break into a fresh out of the oven pizza. will definitely recommend everyone to come here! if you are looking for pizza in paris, it would be a mistake to pass up pizza julia! it is a bit off the beaten path and not the kind of place i imagine many tourists seek out. everything was seriously delicious and reasonably priced, between 8-10 euro per pizza. we tried the pizza julia (eggplant, artichoke, balsamic drizzle) and pizza paysanne (smoked lardons, onion, creme fraiche, egg). the pizzas are fairly large and we probably could have split one between two people, but if you don't eat the crust it's a good size. the crust was respectable, but it's the toppings and attention to detail that really shine. for example, there is one egg on the paysanne. rather than putting it in the center of the pizza and obliterating it when everything is sliced up, the delicate egg is off center. this way, the egg stays more in tact and each slice has a slightly different set of toppings. kind of a weird observation i guess, but it make for a fun experience where every bite was a little different. anyhoo....as other reviewers have said, there is virtually no seating. we just took ours to go, walked about a block, and found several other people sitting on some steps enjoying their pizza, so we joined them. keep in mind they are closed monday and tuesday, and are only open for dinner starting at 6:30pm. very friendly ownershole-in-the-wall (which is a plus for me!)good variationgreat price!i'm from san diego which is surprisingly the pizza capital of the states, so it's very hard to impress me with pizza. that being said, pizza julia was still a good experience, but i'm not sure i would go back there again just because it didn't feel very special. the flavors are good and the owners adorable, but i was just not that impressed! ahh--sorry! if you really want to try homey, fresh pizza, then definitely give this place a try. you get a 10in or so diameter pizza for about 10 euros. not bad! while on a visit to paris, we began craving non french food after a week or so. we found pizza julia and walked an hour to get there to work up an appetite. we had the champion pizza which was amazing. we left wishing we had walked more so we could have eaten another pizza. we will def be back and can't compliment giovanni enough. there is a reason why he has all of the awards and accolades he's got displayed. go to find out!	1	0	0	0	0
 of all the places in the art square this is the most intimate. tucked just around the corner from the sketch artists and painters you'll find ample outdoor seating with a beautiful canopy curtesy of the twisting and turning branches from a tree planted in the middle of the dinning area. it is a true kodak moment.the coffee was delicious as well as the classic french onion soup - baked with crispy french bread and a layer of yummy cheese on top. this really hit the spot and the smell alone will have you dreaming of it for days. burgers, fries and just about any other lunch dish here was prepared fresh and tasted delicious. many locals choose this spot also. a gem for the area. a casual french lunch awaits. remember to get the one of the best french onion soups! perfect lunch stop with friends! i had the veal (medium) and it was a surprisingly large dish that could have been shared. one friend had a tuna burger that he reported as delicious. drinks were also large and relatively inexpensive. we were not rushed, and the wait staff very attentive but did not hover. i would recommend this cafe if you're making a visit to sacre-coure. incredible! in all the madness amidst the hungry music day crowd, mia's service and attention was spectaculaire!she was warm, friendly, and attentive. as rushed as she needed to be, she was incredibly relaxed and pleasant. this woman is someone i would want as the face of my company. hopeful that she has found - or will find, her ideal dream career path. she is an asset to this restaurant, and would be a highly valuable asset to any team or organization. to the food: the french onion soup was really good. so many times, it comes out lukewarm. not here. hot hot hot. perhaps a tad bit bread-heavy on top, but the (too thick) broth was rich. perhaps end-of-the-evening blues. at the risk of being repetitive, the service continued spectacularly throughout the meal. (i am writing this review in real time)the veal was cooked near-perfect, but my only complaint - which is a general complaint about many restaurants in paris - is under seasoning. it seems that chefs in france have a general fear of salt. a note to all chefs of the world: if you don't know how to use salt, your food will fail. period. get it right, and you'll do great.overall, this is the best total restaurant experience ever, in my 20 or so nights/days in paris over the years. chex plumeaux goes on my verified great list of restaurant ms in paris. don't miss this place. if you're a foodie in paris, it will be a crime not to show. i think this place is probably at its best on very sunny and warm days, when the canopy offers some welcome shade. on a cloudy day it can feel a bit dark and cold here. the service is good, they speak english well, and are very friendly. we tried the snails, onion soup and camembert fondue since we were not so hungry. with drinks the bill landed on 52,50 which felt much too pricey, in contrast to the quality of the meal we were served which was passable/adequate at best. i suppose it is because it's in the middle of an extremely touristy district. the snails had too much parsley/spinach flavour for my taste, i was hoping for more butter/garlic. note that we picked really "cheap" stuff, most plates on the menu is around 20 each. the beer was 10 which is very steep for a plain brew. definitely a quality restaurant in a sea of overpriced tourist traps. i got the chicken tandoori salad with salmon and spring rolls. an interesting combination, but it was fresh and filling. even the bread served is better than most restaurants. this restaurant was the perfect close to a beautiful day wandering around montmartre. perched up high near an overlook of the city and just off a busy square, le plumeau had a beautiful outdoor garden-like ambience and some excellent live cafe music. the food was superb, i had a charcuterie appetizer with sundried tomatoes and balsamic, and the vegetarian lasagna was also amazing- plenty of food! the creme brle for dessert was also delicious! fabulous shady spot "off the beaten path" of montmartre. gorgeous vines create a green awning for this cool, cobblestoned terrace cafe.we enjoyed the vegetarian lasagna and the chicken in lemon cream sauce and a salad. the food was good, the setting beautiful.nice! the burger came with a bunch of non-advertised sauce on it. i am not a fan of surprise ingredients. or surprises in general. or generals in the army, though i don't know any myself. or myself. or the word or. or a boat oar.all of those things i am not a fan of.the wifi password is written on a chalkboard behind a tree. it's hard to read, you might have to try a few times. or you might just have to enjoy the company you are with. if you are alone, maybe make a friend over at abbesses station and then eat with that person. yes, the food was fantastic. i had the cornish game hen. it and the sauce in which it lingered were very delicious and pleased my palette as i hid around the corner from all the palettes of paint and tourists, in my own piece of back-alley charm. but the item i will be telling legends about for the rest of my life is the crme brle. i've sadly not tried every crme brle in the world, but if there is one better than this, it would certainly cause the universe to implode, and we would all die. so let's hope it doesn't get any better than this. i ate here in april 2014; just now getting to the review. this is a little bit hidden, around the corner from an area of condensed restaurants. five of us managed to get a seat on a saturday night. i recommend reservations for any restaurant in montmartre.the wine and food is real good here, and you won't get slaughtered on the price. unfortunately i had a very disappointing experience here. maybe it was an off day in the kitchen -- but i was the only customer at the time i went and the tagliatelle dish i ordered was so overlooked it was like eating porridge. there's nothing worse than soggy pasta. i couldn't finish it and the high price tag of 17 made it taste even worse. the service was excellent, but the food is just not worth going there. you must eat here. i read the positive and negative reviews and our experience was very positive. the waiter was charming - with us blues christmas music playing gently in the back ground! but everything else parisian.i had a sliced meat and cheese (fromage) and my wife had escargots and fois gras. all delicious. it is 40 feet off the square and a treasure. just what one looks for to escape the tourists (like us!) we were a bit apprehensive walking up to chez plumeau - the reviews mentioned it being "quiet" and "off the beaten path" - but we had to walk through the touristy area around sacre-coeur to get there, and i had a sinking feeling this was going to be another tourist trap we were headed to.however, this was a pleasant surprise!! it really is in a hidden back road, and there was a table outside that had just been vacated. the service is a bit hurried due to there only being 3 servers for the whole restaurant, so we settled in and patiently waited for menus and service. you're in paris! enjoy the atmosphere!the food was exquisite. i started with the escargot - which was fantastic. garlicky and delicious!! my husband really enjoyed the steak with pepper sauce as his entree, and the server suggested the veal dish for me which was amazing!!!! best veal i've ever had. my husband kept trying to steal bites. it was just super tender and cooked perfectly. everything was cooked perfectly.the creme brulee and the chocolate delight was a highlight to end the meal. i also ordered the hot chocolate since it was such a cool summer night, and it was delicious.the service was earnest, and we really enjoyed our evening here. seriously the best meal of our trip!by the way - they do have a english menu on a chalkboard - you just need to ask for it. this place is fantastic! amid all the overpriced tourist traps in paris, this place stands out. located in some of the back roads behind the sacre-coeur, one location in paris that visitors will almost always have to pass by, it is a quiet unassuming place, where the wait staff are friendly, the patrons are easy-going, and the atmosphere is fantastic. the atmosphere really is like a neighborhood french bistro, not commercialized and not just a fascade. the food was fantastic, heaping portions of every entree despite a very reasonable price tag. to put in perspective, the brunch i had costed more for 3 small mediocre plates, than the dinner i had at chez plumeau with 3 full entrees, an appetizer, and 2 drinks, not to mention that the 2 drinks were delicious fresh squeezes juices (the fresh squeezed orange juice is among the most delicious i've ever had - imagine the tastiest clementines squeezed by hand one by one into a full glass). the escargot is fantastic, always wish it came in greater amounts, braised duck was delicious, and the fish is very tasty without being greasy at all. bottom line - great food, great atmosphere, great price, friendly staff. cannot be beat in this area. one of the best meals i have had. the service is friendly and the food is great. the atmosphere is exactly what you would want in a parisian experience. for our first full day in paris, we decided to go to montmartre. having gotten a late start we ate lunch as soon as we got near the top of montmartre at this restaurant just off the sw corner of place du tertre. it was perfect. being off-season, it was not crowded and we sat at a small table outside in the sun. we ordered a bottle of a dry ros from provence and enjoyed it all throughout our meal. my wife had a dinner salad of warm goat cheese melted over toast points with salad greens, herbs, hard boiled egg and crispy chips of ham (or prosciutto). she loved it. i had the plat du jour, which consisted of a roasted chicken quarter (leg and thigh), roasted fingerling potatoes and a small basket of fries. a little heavy on the starch, but it tasted delicious. by the time we finished our meals we had just about finished our wine, so for dessert we chose to linger a bit by each having a double espresso. very glad we stopped here for a tasty, fairly priced meal. i'm a local showing around an american visitor - we visited this on our last day of the trip and it was a great end to a trip in paris. an honest restaurant with a laid back atmosphere and good food (but nothing amazing) - makes a change from the rip off tourist places at montmartre which can really take clients for granted. we had the duck parmentier and the steak. the steak was pretty average, and the duck parmentier was pretty good. however, the service was great and the overall experience was fantastic. would rate this a 4.5 if i could because it was very good but a tiny bit expensive for the food that you get. this place is wonderful. it's right near place du tetre but isn't nearly as packed as the cafes immediately on the square. the terrace is beautiful and peaceful. the tables are high and prettily arranged, and you feel like you're eating in a garden. sure, the place was packed with tourists just like us, but it's not like we could've expected anything else for the area. we came here because ellie's review mentioned vegetarian options. although i'm not a vegetarian, my boyfriend is. i had the fondue with potatoes and ham, and my boyfriend had a tofu and quinoa dish. mine was absolutely delicious. two lunches plus a glass of wine each came to 52.it was a breath of fresh air and the perfect place to take a step out of the tourist rush of montmartre. tip: wines by the glass are not listed on the wine list but instead are on a card on the table like happy hour specials. eek. maybe it was an off night. they were out of the first two entrees i wanted (on a short list to begin with) and everything was slow, from the food to getting water glasses to getting enough forks for everyone at the table. the french onion soup was good, and perhaps a clue that this place caters to tourists, as our french friends told us they never eat it. after all, the restaurant is right at the top of the scenic montmarte hill and i doubt many locals would come here. that being said, it's a nice courtyard in which to sit and eat, though i would search for something else next time. my scallops entree (my third choice) were tasty, but came as they did drenched in olive oil and with lardy bacon and buttery mashed potato on the side, i had to wonder if the chef was afraid of vegetables. we skipped dessert. ate here on our last night in paris. i ordered fish and risotto and ate it all up. food is great but not a lot to choose from. the staff is okay. after being in europe, particularly france, i realized you can't expect too much from service. staff spoke very little english and had one menu in english that we had to share. it was not a bad experience but definitely would try other places. very peaceful and beautiful place in monmarter it's next to dali museum.. great food and great grog! very beautiful atmosphere :) a very cute, cozy cafe located in the momart area in france. the decor was trendy, modern, and it had a garden feel to it. i came here with a party of five and i don't know how on earth we were able to spend close to $400. i guess the cost of wine and desserts added up; french people know how to eat! we were here with some family who lives in france and they did all the ordering for, each person with an appetizer and entree. i ended up with escargot as an appetizer, and fried prawns wrapped with smoked fillet of duck and spicy sausage rice as my main course. the mister ended up with a french onion soup as his appetizer and a leg of lamb topped with burning sage, a side of fresh cream and au gratin potatoes as his main course. i had my whole meal and had a bite of everyone else's and everything was amazing! the presentation was cute and the flavors were present, my taste buds were satisfied! chez plumeau has everything i could ever want in a restaurant: atmosphere, live music, attentive service, and amazing food and drinks. if you are looking for a romantic night out in paris, this is the place to go. the only thing is, you may stay for so long that you spend all your money. on to the dishes...my bf got the braised duck with mashed potatoes and arugula. this may sound like something you can find anywhere, but trust me, it's not. the duck and arugula were on a little island of mashed potatoes, surrounded by a sea of gravy. if only thanksgiving dinner could be like this.i got the salade montmartre, which we agreed was one of the best salads we've ever had. simple, but flavorful, with 2 strips of what appeared to be duck prosciutto, fried cheese, tomato, sundried tomato, artichoke, and simple dressing over a bed of greens.our 2 desserts were also perfection - we had a cheesecake, which was light and creamy (almost creme fraiche-like with a graham cracker crust) and a plate heaped with strawberries, whipped cream, and thin phylo-dough. this was absolutely amazing and not at all heavy. the restaurant itself is quite small, but doesn't feel cramped. there was a man playing the accordion and piano, and a woman singing the whole time we were there. there was also a large birthday party next to us, and some of them turned out to be professional musicians/singers, and they got up to play as well. we kept ordering more drinks because it was so cozy and lovely inside the restaurant. every party lingered because no one wanted to leave. i got the "grog" which is a hot rum citrus drink -- so yummy, and did not give me a hangover the next day. :)best meal of our trip hands down!! nice and friendly, good food, big dishes.if you don't mind to pay little extra to have lunch at one of the most beautiful places of paris, this is a very nice spot! very nice place. it's calm yet close to montmartre, with tables inside and outside (with heating). there is almost no view over paris, but there is people walking by without being too close, so the ambient is nice.the food is good and well presented. just have a little bit of patience if you're going at peak hours; service may take a little while.the kids liked the children menu and sitting on the high chairs. we had a very nice time. very good restaurant. we found this restaurant through tripadvisor. nice atmosphere and friendly service although we did not speak french they were patient with us. a little bit pricey but its worth for. don't bother with this place. terrible food, high prices. food isn't even cooked correctly. ridiculous ok maybe a bad day for these guys, ordered foie and it was bland, probably sitting for too long on a refrigerator as where most of the items we ordered. a cheese and cold cuts plate was completely off, blue cheese that tasted like fridge, all cheeses did!! escargots... don't bother, mini size and lacking salt, again, bland... wine was ok and the place is quiet with french music playing as backdrop, nice service but for food go somewhere else. again...maybe not their best day. awesome food, authentic and off the beaten path. our waitress was amazing and tried very hard to explain the menu in english and engage in conversation- merci natalia! try the veal. burger was great too we loved this place. the location is perfect- right next to where you'll be when visiting montmartre but one corner away from the madness. i had the vegetarian salad, which was jaw-dropping in presentation and variety. there was an olive bread, a couscous salad, green salad with almond-y croutons, tomato sorbet (weird and interesting), fresh fruit skewers (all ripe and perfect), ect. my mom had escargot and the quiche, which was a huge piece of hot, cheesy, melting deliciousness, and my aunt had the camembert fondu, which was a whole round camembert baked and tons of meat and some potatoes. all-in-all, the food was really great.we also had a glass of wine each (good, fine, normal).all together, it came to about 80euros. not cheap, certainly, but the quality made it seem worth it.the atmosphere was extremely casual- we sat on the patio, which is high tables with bar stools (worth noting if you're thinking about bringing older folks). the service was efficient and actually very friendly and kind of funny, with the first waiter actually patiently allowing me to order in french and the other cracking jokes and insisting on taking a picture with us as we left.it's a bit of a mixed-up feeling if you're not used to spending that kind of money on dinner. the atmosphere is so casual and the tables and set-up made me a little nervous, like, could the food really be worth this kind of money? but once the dishes are set down (presentation was beautiful) you're totally cool with throwing down that cash.	1	0	1	0	1
 delicious! walk in was easy for lunch. waitress was super friendly and happy to translate the menu for us. two delicious courses were 26 and wine was 5 a glass. i loved the gazpacho and my dad enjoyed his salmon sashimi type appetizer. for entrees my cuttlefish tagliatelle was fine (wouldn't order again but not bad). my dads vegetarian gnocchi was amazing!! delicious. really high quality ingredients. delicious warm bread. welcoming english-friendly service. my wife and i absolutely loved this restaurant - from the appetizers to the dessert this was hands down one of the top dinners he had while in paris- the service was excellent.... loved this gem of a find. one of our best meals in paris. all the food is extremely fresh, and they update the menu regularly. our waitress was very sweet and spoke english well. a nice elegant choice for a neighborhood that can get very loud. i wish there has been outdoor seating, but very tasteful interior. i got the 3 course meal but i also got to try other people's dish as well! sharing is caring! their bread was nice and warm and super seasoned. i had to eat seconds!1) saint jacquesthinly sliced scallop sashimi served with fresh dill and pickled beat cabbages. it was very refreshing and a good start to the meal2) tuna tartareprobably my favorite over the scallops. perfectly seasoned diced up tuna with thinly sliced radish, diced up sweet pineapple, and some micro greens to garnish. 3) seared tuna steak over potatoesthis was also pretty good as well. presentation is great here. you can see the level of attention to detail here. looked to be some thinly sliced taro chip served underneath the tuna along with potatoes and aioli.4) daurade (sea bream)perfectly cooked sea bream. nice crispy skin and perfectly moist fish meat. served with a rich broth and some blocks of root and garnished with dill.desserts tried were ganache chocolat and doughnut. total meal for 4 people came to over 154 euros. we made a reservation to dine here about a week before our trip for a sunday night, since i read reservations here are needed and many places are closed on sundays. this is a very beautiful restaurant, with impeccable service and wonderful food. it was one of our more expensive meals of the trip, but well worth it. their bread was one of my favorites of the trip. we started with a pork cheek appetizer, had tuna and lamb entrees, and a dessert. the couple next to us ordered the whole chicken to share - it was so much food it could have fed 4. they said it was also very good. our server helped me select wine to pair with my meal and then another glass for dessert. everything was delicious, and we would suggest a visit. this was our favorite restaurant in france. it didn't hurt that it was a block away from the apartment that we rented. we actually went there twice in 4 days for dinner. the fact that we had the same waitress for both nights didn't hurt. she was an irish (kate) lass that was doing post graduate studies in france. of course the food has an emphasis on fish but they have both vegetarian and other meats as well. we elected to go with a 2 course meal which gives you a choice of either an appetizer or dessert along with a main course. you also have an option of getting all 3. for the main course we tried a selection of fish dishes and various salads and opted for a dessert. the dessert was a caramelized banana banana ice cream which was crazy good. all off the food was elegant and the seasonings subtle to highlight the taste of the local foods. i would highly recommend this place. enjoyed the atmosphere, food, and wines. good vibe, too.since not many places are open on sundays, this place was packed with people after 8pm...saw lots of folks were turned away w/o reservations.had tuna carpaccio for appetizer, and john dory as main as per recommendations - both were great. poor server benedict was running around like chicken all the time from attending the bar, greeting guests, cutting bread, getting fresh bread from the main restaurant across the street, refilling wines, washing glasses, answering phone, etc...but he still managed to smile all the time...impressive.as others said, it's english-speaking friendly environment. this is definitely a restaurant geared toward the "foodie" tourist looking to spend good money on small plates of perfect food.pros-a gorgeous, quaint dining room and comfortable, modern-cozy ambiance;-efficient and professional servers (who speak perfect english and translate the entire menu at the table); -perfectly cooked and artistically designed masterpieces of foodcons-extremely small portions-often difficult to get a table without a reservation-pre-set cost for each person's meal: 36 euro for your choice of the menu appetizer and entre or 41 euro to add your choice of the menu dessert to the above two itemsreport cardfood quality/presentation = aservice+  a+ambiance/atmosphere/location= a+food quantity/portion size= d-price=   c-   (reminds me of my report card in middle school...)bottom line: if you have plenty of money to spend and appreciate smaller portions, excellent ingredients and attention to detail in the plating of your dishes, fish la boisonnerie is an excellent dinner spot in the st. germain de pres area of paris. i enjoyed every bite here, but needed food again a couple of hours later. quaint small restaurant in st. germaine. quite a find with fresh, tasty food. each presentation beautiful with extreme quality of fish, meat, cheese and wine. enjoyed yet another wonderful dinner here. not a big menu, but everything is nicely done.  we had the monk fish appetizer which was our of this world!  i had the squid entree which was very tasty and tender. it makes me sad to write a (very long) review like this because fish used to be one of my favourite go-to places in paris, but after my last two experiences i won't go back. i would give them one star actually, if we hadn't had a number of lovely evenings here in the past. the standards unfortunately seem to be really different these days, which is disappointing because fish used to consistently be good.i came in a few weeks ago to make two reservations because i had two sets of visitors coming to town, both wanting good food in a cute place, so i thought this was the perfect restaurant. i saw the server write down my reservations in the book, and thought it would all be ok. i turned up for my first dinner here on a relatively not-busy tuesday night with my cousins to be told that no, i didn't have a reservation. which was impossible because i saw the woman write it down in the book for that night. anyway, i got a table thankfully because it wasn't too busy, but would have been really bummed if there had been nothing available because i came to the trouble of physically coming in to make sure my reservation would be taken into account. the food this evening was ok- nothing amazing, but fine. had an ok piece of fish with very few vegetables, but i think my cousins had good food. the server we had was really not friendly, barely checked on us (fish usually has more attentive service than your average french resto), and overall was just kind of unpleasant. before leaving i made sure to double check my reservation for the following week, and they said they had it marked down.so i came back on pentecost for dinner with my mom, grandmother, and boyfriend, and maybe because it was a holiday things went wrong, but honestly i don't think that even excuses the food or service of this evening. it was somewhat of a disaster from start to finish. my starter of potato soup was ok, but my mom and grandma apparently really did not enjoy their mackerel (it had no taste, and they both added a lot of salt), and my boyfriend said the same thing about his clams. then the main courses came- my mom and boyfriend both had an ok sea bass, i had a baked fish (supplement 8 euros to the normal menu) which was ok, but my carrots were rock hard and i could barely cut them, but overall things tasted ok. my grandma ordered the lamb, which was really really tough, and she couldn't cut through it (we all saw it, she could not get through the chop), so we told our server and she apologized profusely and took it away. then she asked if my grandma wanted something else, so she said fish. a few minutes later, she was brought another plate of lamb by a different server (maybe he was the manager?), and was asked which piece she had trouble with, and then was told that it was probably the bone she was trying to cut. the three of us saw her struggle to get through the meat, and it was most definitely not the bone, but a piece of meat with some gristle or something all over it so she couldn't get through. she was so embarrassed at this point, to be told that she was probably trying to cut the bone- actually we were all embarrassed because it just wasn't ok, and she was quite upset, to the point she wasn't hungry anymore. this was such a bummer because we were there for our "nice" evening out in paris, and the whole experience was just so bizarre with that comment, as well as the mediocre food. at least they took her menu off the bill, and offered her some wine, but still, it was a comment that should not have been made, especially somewhere where we have known the service to be really good. very cozy, great food beautifully presented, and an impressive wine list. the bread is amazing! tasty and convenient if you're staying in the 6th. yeah, it's touristy, but it's nice to know they care. also, if you want to give your french a break, the staff will converse in english. not to mention, it is rather cozy and romantic. even though this is a seafood joint, i must say my personal faves were the desserts, so be sure to save room. yes, the entrees were well enough, but just not spectacular. best to order a couple of bottles of vin and indulge your sweet tooth. fish was recommended by my boss and another co-worker and they did not steer us wrong! we showed up for our 8pm reservation on a monday night and the place was half empty and i started to get a little worried, but by the time we got our appetizer it was full. yes, we provincial americans eat early!though the menu is all in french and we could have puzzled through it our wonderful waitress took the time to go thru the entire menu with us. kudos to her also for taking care of half the restaurant as well as running across the street every couple of minutes for fresh baked bread for the tables.we shared a delicious scallop carpaccio to start, my wife had an excellent dish of tagliatelle with mushrooms and i had a great squid dish. there was also cod on the menu, but i was surprised there wasn't more seafood. it seems like most smaller restaurants they only have four or five mains so they can concentrate on doing them well. we finished up with an orange tart with a bruleed top that was terrific. the couple next to us had a scrumptious looking chocolate dessert, but we wanted to keep it light and we were not disappointed.my two regrets are that we didn't go sooner in our trip because we would have gone back again and that we weren't hungrier so we could have had more starters and desserts! its not inexpensive, but not outrageous and definitely worth it. this place is perfect for people who don't speak french, since the entire restaurant is staffed with english/australian/american expats who speak impeccable french. so if you speak french, you'll be happy; if you speak english, you'll feel right at home too. it is a very cool space, and i have enjoyed everything i've eaten there. my family was very impressed when they ate here - and they enjoyed being able to speak english with the waitstaff. i've also just plopped myself down at the bar and made friends with whoever's around. it is a fantastic ambience. this is also one of the few restaurants in paris that is open on a sunday. we had the most wonderful dinner at fish la boissonnerie our last night in paris!i was misinformed that reservations were not needed. luckily, we arrived a few minutes before the restaurant opened at 7pm and managed to snag the only table that had not been reserved! i would highly recommend reserving a table in advance.the menu at fish la boissonnerie is only in french and unfortunately our waitress seemed to be the only employee who did not speak fluent english. fortunately she spoke just enough english to tell us some of the ingredients in the dishes so we did not have to rely solely on our dictionary.we started our meal off with a wonderful bottle of cabernet. we each choose the prix fixe menu which included the choice of an appetizer and entree for under 40 euros. we aren't completely sure what we ordered, but we loved every last bite!!! i ordered a buttery stuffed pasta appetizer and this magnificent pork dish that was served over a bed of spicy cucumber, cabbage, and bean shoots. my husband ordered a clams and squid appetizer and the white fish. my sister ordered the ceviche and the white fish. despite the language barrier our waitress was so friendly and helpful. we were never rushed during our meal despite the crowds of people that attempted to get a table. if you are looking for fancy food without the hefty price tag and pretentious attitude i highly recommend dining at fish la boissonnerie. we go there every time we are in paris and we are never disappointed. this year was not different. the weekly wine selection is always worth it. the food is always solid. they seem to have a new chip and i like what she prepared. you cannot get more central, at the heart of the 6th district. walked down rue de de seine after differ to the rive to visit pont des arts. perfect evening. truly a hidden gem in paris at the saint-germain-des-pr district!such a wonderful seafood restaurant! the fish (grilled hake) are cooked to perfect with a crispy skin on top, the sauce to the fish is just like soulmate to each other! i could hear them singing in my month. it was amazing!! we also had razor clams for the starter that evening and it was unbelievably delicious!!!!!they have a great wine list and the customer service was excellent. it was such a fabulous dining experience!! one of the best meals in paris all week!towards the end of our trip, husband and i were getting sick of overly buttery, heavy meals. we were craving something more fresh.wooden furniture and warm glowing lights welcomed us.got there just before 9 pm, and we were seated at the bar right away (usually booked for a few days in advance, we were told).the multilingual waitstaff was amazing! she gave us a rundown of the entire menu in english. for appetizer, we had 1) fennel and celery based vegetarian soup, with kicks of pepper and dill. a bit on the creamy side, but doesn't feel like it is greasing up your stomach. clean aftertaste.2) tiny little clams with shaved cheese, leek, veggies, and crumbs of some sort. not mind blowing, but it was light and well-balanced.main dishes were amazing! there were two vegetarian, two seafood, and two meat.we had two seafood plates.one was with slightly sweet, orange creamy sauce with white fish (similar to cod) that was lightly grilled. any greasy taste (very minimal) is very well balanced with slightly bitter veggies. awesome balanced plate. husband's fish was not cream-based, the fish sat in a green broth that was refreshing with a lot of fresh vegetables.we shared a dessert of fresh strawberries with pieces of cake, kiwi/lemon ice cream, with sprinkled sesame seeds. according to the staff they will tell you straight out "this is not a fish restaurant and the menu changes every day." the bread however is piping hot, the risotto is hearty enough to make any day no matter how low your heart is and the cauliflower soup was top of the world. bon appetit and thank the chef ollie clark. the staff here is incredibly discourteous and discriminatory. i would never attempt to eat or reserve a table again based on tonight, when i arrived at 8:10pm without reservation, and the hostess/primary server greeted us in french. we acknowledged in french, but when we switched to english suddenly the friendliness disappeared. i understand this is paris on a friday, however 35% of seating was available, and we were only 2. she informed us that without reservation, we should return at 9pm or else try their restaurant across the street. we thanked her politely, walked across the way and realized the other restaurant was more of a wine bar and lacking in the menu. as a result, we returned to put our names in for a 9pm reservation, to which the man behind the bar (possible manager), motioned there was no availability. we acknowledged, said not a problem, we would like to put our names down to reserve at 9pm, at which point he replied, "we do not take reservations." how bizarre, considering there was a table for 2 with a note nearby clearly reserved for jen, and yelp indicated you do take reservations. it is rather pathetic that the restaurant feels the need to stereotype xenophobically. faced with the task of summarizing my meal at fish, i'm feeling a bit unenthusiastic. my father recommended it as a casual place, not too expensive and generally tasty. i was bummed to find out it was owned and mostly staffed by ex-pats, which just makes me a snob. but you, fellow yelp reader, may want to know that when making your decision about where to eat on your one night in paris.the table d'hote menu looked appealing, and for 35 euro, i decided i'd try it all. allow me to remind you that 35 euro turns out to be many more dollars in the event that you are someone who 1) thinks in american currency and 2) dares to do the math as a means of self flagellation.the food was yummy in a basic way. the gazpacho was quite delicious, but mostly because i was thrilled by the glob of sorbet floating in it. the fish was tasty--marlen? it was white and the flavors were good. the basil panna cotta was pretty delicious, but you know how it is with panna cotta--its kind of mono-flavored so don't expect anything more.one of the waitresses was turning red from the amount of wine she was drinking over by the espresso machine, which was off-putting. it was the end of the night so go ahead girl, finish the bottle, but be discrete! whomever made our coffee, however, did the job just fine.be warned: they do not accept american express. this does not mean that they are more authentically french, despite popular opinion. wow.we picked this place out randomly when we got the answering machine at another location and were hugely surprised.it's a cool location set in the latin quarter with an enjoyable menu and atmosphere.the menu is a bit small but the food was excellent. besides the bread is amazing! this restaurant should be on everyone's bucket list of food delight. we walked into this section of restaurants. and had to flip a coin to decide on where to go.thank goodness for heads.i was skeptical when i heard english spoken amongst the patrons and servers. but was pleased by the menu being in french.i had the fish soup (to die for), and my wife had the lentils with egg for starters. the egg really worked well with the lentils, otherwise it would have been dry. it was a combo that i never expected!for the second course, i had the pollock with beet and currants sauce, surrounded by pickled cucumber and cabbage which was so tasteful i will never forget. the dark red matched the intense flavor. i am salivating just writing this. my wife had the tomatoes with oregano, olive oil, feta cheese and eggplant for her second course. i never tasted oregano and tomatoes with such intensity. our server spoke fluent english, and she helped us through the menu. the food is insane! from the first course to the second, each ingredient melded together with symphonic delight! this was the best meal that we had in paris.subway ticket x2 $5two course meals x2 plus a bottle of wine: $135, finding this place on a flip of a coin: priceless!the only knock on the place is that the seating is limited and the tables are not spaced very far apart. i would love to hear any response from those that have eaten here. no matter what, find a way to eat here!thumbs way up! one of the best meals we had in paris. we were both craving fish, and this was definitely the place to get it. each item was obviously carefully designed and prepared. excellent chef! wonderful flavors. even the bread was the best we had on our trip.service was very good, and though they didn't have an english menu, our server was patient explaining the items we didn't recognize.definitely get dessert. the orange tart was the best food i had in our whole paris trip. it was truly amazing.next time i'm in paris i will definitely come here again. absolutely delicious, what a surprise!i sat at the bar solo, expecting a nice bite in a cool setting. i don't speak a lot of french, but nearly all of the servers speak english, so i asked a few questions and settled on a lentil app and a fish main that the woman next to me had ordered. i was actually blown away by this meal. the lentils w/egg is an excellent appetizer, almost more like a soup than a lentil salad. excellent, subtle flavor. the fish was just wow. so tender, flaky, and moist. the pesto beneath the fish was outstanding and i really enjoyed the interested sauteed greens (dandelion, maybe?). the whole meal was so delicious and fresh without feeling too heavy... all too common in french cuisine. i will definitely be coming back! great restaurant! service was spectacular and the staff speak english. they feed you this crazy delicious bread which they make across the street; they just keep filling the bowl up and it's hard to stop. the ingredients are fresh and everything was amazing. we did have a reservation which we were lucky to make only a few days ahead. the place was packed and people without reservations were being turned away. prices were very reasonable for the quality and portions. solid 3 star restaurant. they expanded the place according to the blogs but i can't see how. food wise the kitchen puts outs quality dishes with some flair. on this visit we started off with a cucumber gazpacho with truffle oil and it was paired with a 1er cru chablis. next was the rabbit tureen (sp) with pickled veggies. this dish was light and explosive in flavors. the rabbit was moist and chunky -- clearly did not skimp on the meat. next up the roast lamb. roasted to perfection and served with heirloom radishes and baby cabbage on top of a bed of mashed potatoes darken with black olives. skipped desert and opted for another carafe of wine. cheers best fish we've ever had! (and, as fish-lovers, that's saying a lot.) veggies were perfect. amazing desserts. great wine selection. ben the manager/barkeep, is a charming mensch.this was the culinary highlight of our paris trip.don't miss it! we just happened in this place. the staff was very friendly and spoke english. the food was unexpected and amazing. highly recommend	0	1	1	0	0
 i came here for breakfast. the food was very good. great seasoning and amazing cooking techniques. the service is also very good! small cozy place. make sure to try the orange juice, it's so fresh! also, portions are big. my friend and i shared this breakfast and we were fine. the food and service was very pleasant. the coffee was delicious and you will get exactly what you require if you are looking for eggs. the decor is very cute and the upstairs is quite charming.five stars because i can see myself going more than a few times in the future. awesome brunch spot! as an american visiting paris i found it actually surprisingly difficult to find a breakfast place similar to the breakfast/brunch places that i'm used to. of course i enjoyed the french style breakfasts, but eggs & co made any home sick feelings fade away for a bit.the food here is fresh, and i mean really fresh. the fruit tasted as if it was picked that day and the overall quality was fantastic. the brunch price is a bit high so be prepared to spend a pretty penny ($30+) but it can easily be split between 2 people as it is huge. the normal breakfast menu is much cheaper. this is a very cute and quaint little brunch place very close to the saint germain train station. i opted to come here as opposed to les deux magot or cafe de flore. it's located on a nondescript corner but it was pretty packed when i came for brunch on a monday. seating is upstairs and very close to each other. we shared the bacon and salmon benedict which came with salad with balsamic vinaigrette and potatoes. when you cut the egg the yolk oozes out. the portion size was pretty large and filling. when you're ready to pay just walk downstairs and pay at the register. came here for brunch on a saturday morning based on other reviews. we arrived just before 11 and waited about 10-15 minutes for a table. my friend ordered the full brunch with the eggs benedict which i opted for the oeufs en cocotte and a latte  la carte. the cocotte are a typical french dish where the whites are baked in a ramekin with crme frache and cheese and then the raw yolks are added on top afterward. it sounds kind of weird but they are delicious!a note on pricing: a lot of other reviewers complain about high prices, but that's because they ordered the full brunch. keep in mind that that includes a choice of coffee, fresh orange juice, an egg dish, a pancake, and fruit. they offer everything separately if you want less or want to pay less. a great option if you're looking for a hearty option. cute neighborhood too! good food and service. we arrived at the afternoon and all food came quicklywe will come to try again. i heard that french people in general skip breakfast- it certainly is not as big of a meal as in america. most restaurants nearby do not even open until 11:00. we found this place and were a little skeptical, due to high standards for brunch coming from the hot brunch scene in d.c. if you are looking for brunch, definitely come here. i can tell good food and service from bad, and there is only good and nothing bad here. everything is cooked well and at a reasonable price, the service is friendly, atmosphere cute and intimate, and food absolutely delicious.we got the salmon eggs benedict with hollandaise sauce and an omelette. the salmon was fresh, eggs poached very well, and salad and potatoes on the side tasted fresh. the omelette surprised us - we usually do not order stuff we can cook at home, and this far exceeded both our own cooking skill and expectations. i would definitely recommend these two dishes!apparently the orange juice and coffee here are both delicious, although i did not try them. skip the slightly overpriced brunch specials and go straight for eggs, and maybe a drink or two and you will have an awesome brunch with a partner in a very relaxing and comfortable atmosphere.edit: my partner who i ate with read my reviews and insisted i give more credit to the potatoes that they had. you get two or three small potatoes with every dish, and she would have gotten a whole plate if she could. they are soft and fresh and a wonderful addition to your eggs, much better than hash browns or french fries. tell your server how much you love potatoes, and they might give you a few extra. the meal we had here was fine, but nothing particularly special. i would say that their omelette was better than average, but their eggs benedict was entirely banal. a major con is lack of seating, we waited for an hour and 30 minutes (even though we were given a 45 minutes time estimate when we put our name down). their kitchen was also broken at the time so we almost were not able to have our omelettes cooked. the mother of brunches! this location in particularly gives off a hipster and traveler vibe to it! you could tell it's a small business that has significant pride in their work. it's a bit pricey but the food portion is well worth it. poached eggs never looked so good in a photo! it was our last stop in paris before driving home. i recommend at least trying it once before you leave. great place for brunch, lunch or a large breakfast! i stopped in on a hot and sunny day for brunch around 11am. the upstairs is quite low, so duck when you walk through the first door. the seating is tight, but the area is really cute with white wooden walls and dark panel floors. the waiter immediately brought us menus and water. she came back later to take our orders and was patient with our english. they brought fresh bread(so delicious), fresh pressed orange juice and a latte for my sister. their mimosas are also made with fresh pressed orange juice and sparkling white wine, served in a cute champagne flute. the food was fantastic! i had a salmon eggs benedict that came with three little potatoes and a fresh salad. the salad was light and fresh while the vinaigrette was tangy and summery. the potatoes were delicious with some sour cream and fresh chives..mmm!! the eggs benedict was one of the best that i've had. the hollandaise sauce is not as heavy as it is in the us and the salmon was super fresh. their eggs were not super runny and the english muffin was lightly toasted! the extra bread was perfect for cleaning up any missed yolk. hollandaise sauce or dressing left on your plate. my sisters had their brunch special which comes with both orange juice and coffee, omelette, salad, potatoes, a light fluffy pancake and fresh fruits for 22 euros. its a great deal to split with someone or eat by yourself if you are feeling hungry! the service was great and the staff was kind and patient! great place for brunch or breakfast! cute spot, small but amazing food. simple but great. the bread is so fresh and amazing and the omelettes are spiced well. would recommend. best place for an american style breakfast with french bread/coffee. a good balance for someone looking for an egg fix this is in a really tiny house. there's some seating right when you walk in and more seating upstairs in the attic-like area. be ready to crouch! jolly green giants, steer clear! seriously, lol. good, straightforward english brunch. menu is in french. servers are nice and the owner is even friendlier. this place and claus are mygo-to for brunch and should be yours too! eggs & co was super enjoyable to me. it gave me that little taste of brunching at home in america. we arrived a few minutes before they opened but they happily sat us upstairs in the corner by the window. it is very tight. thankfully, i am not the tallest person so it didn't bother me. i loved the music they had playing.we ordered the brunch not knowing that it included pancakes and orange juice on top of our entrees. i had the norwegian benedict and my boyfriend had the bacon benedict. both benedicts were delicious! the hollandaise sauce was perfect and the poached eggs were cooked just right. my only complaint is that the biscuit was super tough. the roasted potatoes were pretty typical. the orange juice is fresh squeezed and refreshing. we also ordered cappuccinos that were really enjoyable and strong.so happy we got to try eggs&co! would definitely recommend. wonderful!i came here looking for "the best eggs benedict in paris" but was delighted to leave having tried something completely new.i was curious and feeling adventurous and decided to try the "oeufs en cocotte" option. this is basically creamy eggs baked in a ramekin and it changed my life! it was so absolutely delicious, i still dream of it and even had to learn how to make them at home! my boyfriend also ordered the eggs benedict and said it was one of the best he's ever had.while the place is a bit "americanized" and can get kind of pricey, it's totally delicious. absolutely delicious! for 25 we opted for the brunch special - coffee or tea, fresh squeezed orange juice, a benedict of your choice (bacon, salmon, or florentine) served with salad and potatoes, followed by a pancake and fresh fruit. a truly delectable brunch experience in a quaint little spot in a great neighborhood. perfect for that late breakfast/lunch. we came here for breakfast a little bit after they just opened their doors for the morning so that there wasn't a line at that time so we didn't also have to wait. it is a charming place. it felt like it could have been an alice in wonderland moment. we climbed up some stairs into an area where the ceilings were really low, and made you feel larger than you probably are. definitely will have to duck a bit for those that are tall. i treated myself to the menu option that allowed me to get the side salad, orange juice, potatoes and of course i had to try the oeufs en cocotte - which i had them also add ham and a couple of other vegetables. it was really good, and i was quite full. the prices were comparable for other breakfast meals that comprised of several items together. the staff was pretty friendly as well. delicious food and fast, friendly service! i had the eggs benedict florentine with coffee. we sat upstairs next to the window overlooking the street. the ceiling may be low, but the ambiance is very nice. great place for breakfast/brunch. a place in a side alley with a small entrance, just like the knot on a present sealing all the goods that are about to come. we, my wife and i, had no reservation on a weekend so we waited in the entry talking to the nice manager. a while later the waiter came to us saying that our table was ready pointing upstairs. we followed him and the place started to open up with seating area here and there, cute decoration and low ceiling. it reminded me of "hansel and gretel" for some reason. food: the place has two principle options: 1-ala cart. 2- a set menu(22-25) of two parts: a) savoury: eggs (cooked as you wish and desire), 2 sides and a basket of bread. b) sweet: pancake with fresh fruits. + fresh juice and a hot beverage. the food was very nice. good quality, fresh ingredients and good use spices. go and have fun in this cute place ... :dnegative: - no english menu. this place is tiny but chic.. cramped seating best for two or less. most of the omelettes are over priced in my opinion 15.. 3egg omelettes are served with arugula, 3 fingerling potatoes.. we did see other tables served bread we were not offered any. i had the coco omelettes which i will say was tasty and very good. the cups you see on the table for water are the same size you can expect to any juice ordered to be served in. best cappuccino i've ever had, i think! and if you've read any of my other reviews, you know that that's not a compliment that i throw around lightly. airy, perfect temperature, powdered with just a bit of cocoa on the top. i really wanted to come back here, but unfortunately, we only had time for one visit during our last trip to paris.this cute little breakfast shop is just about everything i've ever wanted in an am eatery. looks tiny from the outside, but they've got a second floor with seating that can fit plenty. it kind of feels like you're eating in the attic of your old grandma's country cottage.the staff is friendly and eagerly helped us navigate the menu of tons of egg, egg, egg options. i got an omelet and rus picked the salmon benedict. the eggs were perfectly cooked, not too hard or too runny. they also have quiche, scrambles, and a mean looking pancake.now that we've got our breakfast spot on lock, i can't wait for our next trip to paris. small little quaint shop hidden in a tight street that will surprise you!its kind of tight inside but so worth it! i had the smoked salmon eggs benedict and it was so good! the meal comes with a little side salad a pancake, fruit, coffee and orange juice!! we will definetly be going back before we leave! the owner and his wife are super friendly and accommodating!! love can't wait to go back! the brunch was great. had an awesome british server who was so friendly and hospitable. very affordable and felt cozy in the restaurant. food was served at a very specific and precise timing. i had the omelet which was great. the goat cheese was so rich! i'd give this place a 3.5 stars but because of the cute environment it'll be a 4. came in and ordered the eggs benedict and that was pretty darn good. it just amazes me how a salad bowl (i didn't like very much because it was kale and kale is too bitter for me), two eggs, two slices of ham, and two half bagel equates to 25 euros. it was way too expensive for my taste. was it good? yeah, it was. will i try it again? nah, no thanks. i'll make my own eggs at home for less than a dollar haha i was underwhelmed by my meal at eggs & co. we arrived without reservation, and though the restaurant was busy, we were able to grab bar seating and eat quickly. we never saw the upstairs dining room, but the bar area was kitschy and cute. we both ordered variations on eggs bene. and, i mean, they were fine. i was generally underwhelmed by both the plating and the quality - as a place that serves literally only eggs, i anticipated striking flavor combinations and menu items that i'd struggle to find anywhere else. but i got traditional eggs bene on an english muffin with salmon, served alongside a salad and two potatoes. the best part of the meal was the glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice, which was pulpy and sweet. after our eggs were cleared away, we got 'dessert' - a dense, spongy pancake and some fruit served in syrup.the brunch menu was fairly expensive - 29 per plate for a hot drink, orange juice, eggs, and the pancake. it didn't feel justified, especially considering the number of lavish brunches available in paris. i wish that we had toughed out a wait at claude's, paperboy or a different brunch spot for crpes instead of settling for mediocrity and eggs. was curious to check this place out after all the rave yelp reviews. i'm a huge fan of breakfast and easily found my way there. upon entry i started to doubt how good it would be. it's a pretty cramped place and isn't anything spectacular on the interior. we were seated by the extremely friendly staff and i ordered the salmon eggs benedict. didn't wait too long until i dived into what would become the best, bar none salmon eggs benedict that i have ever eaten on gods green earth. it's a classic dish but what made it so mind blowing was the quality. you could taste that you were eating good food! i highly suggest this little nugget. delicious breakie. your tummy will appreciate it eggs & co was quite disappointing. it was a one hit wonder with only one dish that blew us away whilst the rest was forgettable. we heard that brunch is a very new trend in paris and being quite well known for their breakfast egg dishes we venture into this place, serving mostly eggs in all sorts of cooking methods. you have your standard eggs and soldiers, eggs benedict/royale, omelette and cocotte (the latter being baked eggs). the best thing about this place is that you can be creative with your omelette or cocotte, adding as many ingredients to it as you wish for an extra charge per item. for those who find it hard to make a choice, there are pre designed dishes for you to choose from. there is no english menu here but with the waitress being fluent in french, english and japanese i am sure you will find that you will have no problem in ordering. service was superb, attentive, warm and patient. this place also wins for its inviting atmosphere. we felt very cosy tucked upstairs with the low ceiling, rustic white walls, natural bright light from outside and the wooden tables. there was also a very cute chicken and egg theme going on with the egg shaped salt and pepper grinder and harder to miss, an entire model of chickens in a haystack built at the back- very cute and ghibili like. with most mains you can get it as a set that includes a choice of a hot drink, orange juice, your chosen egg dish and a dessert of pancakes with a side of fruit salad and maple syrup. most people went ahead with this set and we did the same. i started with my mocha which was lovely and strong. my partner went for the darjeeling tea. they both came with a gelatine egg sweet which was very cute. the orange juice was very refreshing being freshly pressed and helped prepared our appetite for the main deal. soon to follow was my cocotte, eggs baked with salmon, tomatoes and beaufort cheese. it was so good i made sure i scraped the bowl clean with the freshly baked baguettes. the egg whites had this sensational silky and milky texture, effortless on the tongue as if it was some sort of savoury pudding and to top it off they left the yolks sitting on top, rich and yolky like all yolks should be. they could have been more generous with the salmon as i only found a few chunks that sat at the very bottom but at least it was still able to add some lovely flavours and with my choice of adding the beaufort cheese it made it all very indulgent and the perfect dish to savour with the sour cream, side of mixed leaves and boiled potatoes.sadly the omelette didn't do as well. we chose the filling of asparagus, ham and gruyere. it was quite boring to be frank, lacking depth and that silky texture we were after being overcooked. it was also served with side salad, sour cream and boiled potatoes.our anticipation for the pancakes let us down. they were very dry and dense being quite thick and no amount of maple syrup was able to save it. i would have been happy with the fruit salad alone that was served in a light syrup.now i did enjoy my experience at eggs and co but 29 is too much to pay for a set menu with only one dish that stands out. the rest is too much of a let down. however i am very curious how good the eggs royale are as the japanese lady eating it next us was making a lot of food noises whilst eating it. maybe worth a try if the cocotte doesn't tickle your palate. make use of the free selection of sweets and chocolates after you pay at the till. maybe it can help you feel less guilty about the damage on your wallet. sweet cousy little restaurant... i just loved the atmosphere, didn't want to leave :p i ordered a chess omelet and it was big and delicious... this is an amazing hole-in-the-wall place for brunch! it's located basically in the attic of a small building on a side street, which lends it a cozy atmosphere. it was quite crowded on a late sunday morning but we managed to get a table for two upstairs. i got the brunch set, which was a lot of food! it included fresh-squeezed orange juice, a coffee drink, an egg dish (with a side of fresh greens), and lastly a big pancake and fruit. i customized an omelette with smoked salmon and spinach, and it was so delicious and savory. though i was really full after the main dish, i couldn't help but eat most of the fluffiest pancake i have ever eaten. it's really doughy and chewy, and slightly sweet. the service is friendly though a bit slow - which might be a good thing because you can have a little time to digest between the different courses. i highly recommend this place if you are looking for a heartier meal beyond a croissant. as the name suggests, they only have egg-based dishes, all served with 2 potatoes and a bit of salad. it's pretty good, even though quite usual. pancakes are ok, served with maple syrup and a fruit salad. their coffee is delicious - they don't have much choice in tea though, so it might be a better place for coffee lovers. finally, their orange juice is freshly pressed, and delicious.but i have 2 "but"s. first, it is way too expensive for that - 25! come on guys, it's only cheap ingredients, and since the menu is very short they pretty much serve the same dish to everyone. it can't possibly be 25 when you can go to a real nice restaurant with that! and second, service is so-so - the place is packed for brunch, so i understand that they want the people who are done with their meals to go, but i have waited for 50 minutes outside while friends of the waiters got a table in 5 minutes, so i'm gonna take my time to finish my pancake, thank you very much... nicest people i met in france by far! in a city that can be pretty rude, they stand alone as normal helpful, and genuinely nice individuals. the food was amazing and i'd highly recommend it to anyone in the area. best eggs benedict around. the bacon lardons were incredible. the owner was personable and very helpful. the waitstaff were amazing. i wish i knew the name of our waitress who went out of her way to explains menu entirely in french to people who could not read it. 5 stars isn't good enough for this place! they deserve more!	1	1	0	0	0
 i cannot emphasise on how much of a great find this place was. so cozy, cramped (in a good way) like any other french style bistro within the area, the impeccable service and reasonably budgeted meals are what makes this a visitor's favourite spot. my duck confit was simply outstanding. the juiciness and tender meat, with a lightly crispy coating and garlic potatoes made it me and my boyfriend's favourite dish. we were fighting over who got to finish it! my boyfriend's cheeseburger was also wonderful. it was perfectly seasoned and delicious. we ordered some duck terrine as a starter. it was also very well prepared and not too decadent. just perfectly salted. our desserts were the best. the profiteroles with vanilla ice cream and an alluring creme brle with just the perfect amount of custard sauce and vanilla was memorable. i highly recommend this place. budget friendly, clean and efficient service before going bar hopping in paris! for a late night meal within walking distance of the louve and the opera house, this cozy bistro should be on your list. for those that do not know french, they do have an english menu. poached egg in a bourguignon sauce - the eggs were cooked with just a right amount of runny yolk (which i love) . the eggs were in a lake of savory bourguignon sauce. there was no need to add salt nor pepper as this was seasoned well.soupe aux oignons (french onion soup) - hot onion soup is common, however, this soup was freshly made ass it did not taste stale nor from a box. topped with broiled cheese that was wonderfully melty, the play on texture was evident. make sure to have plenty of bread to soak up every drop of soup before you move onto your next course.tartine mr. seguin - two sliced of bread toasted with several melted cheeses on top and a side salad. as the amount of cheese was heavy (not a bad thing nor a complaint), anything other than fresh greens would have been overkill so the chef's choice for salad was a brilliant one. duck confit - mixed feelings for this dish. the duck was delicious where you can taste the meat with a touch of seasoning without being tough nor gamey. however, though delicious, you can tell this was cooked previously and reheated. i did keep in mind that any confit dish requires hours of cook time and in no way will a restaurant be expected to cook one same day as the guest would be waiting for 3 hours. when i am in paris, i could easily find myself back here so a light meal after a day of walking and sightseeing. the steak frites came out with smoking thyme on it. that's a first for me! so interesting and it leaded some good flavor to the meat. frites were perfect! i had seen this place as a good spot for an affordable meal and i was not disappointed. well priced and delicious. great old paris feel and the staff was very helpful. perfect little bistro. had the steak and fries. i like the fries so much more than i should have. the staff was incredibly attractive too. this restaurant was recommended to me by a friend familiar with this area. wow! prices very reasonable and the food presentation, temperature, and taste is amazing! for around 17 euros i was able to enjoy french fries with french mustard and the fish special which had a light seasoning on it, served with leeks and tasty cream sauce. i also had nearly half of 50 ml of chardonnay and water to drink. the dinner was so appealing i forgot to take a photo of it. i will try and venture back here just to try another dish. very clean and warm interior. as an american the french staff were very helpful and were able to give us understandable descriptions of the food in english, yet if you can speak french please do and it will make it even more enjoyable. a nice amount of seating for a small yet inviting space. tables for two up to larger groups are available. i can't say enough how grateful i am that this restaurant was recommended to me. it was well worth the visit!if you are traveling through or are in paris, france, please check this restaurant out!this restaurant is more than worthy of five stars! duck confit was amazing. i haven't had much duck but, i was pleased. steak wasn't that great. we asked for medium. it was rare. and, then when we asked to have it done medium they burnt it. but, it's a chill place & reasonable food. a casual and authentic french bistro serving good food at reasonable prices. the service is always friendly and the food is always tasty. meh. the food wasn't mindblowing and was just alright. i'm sure there are many other options in paris for the price you're paying. found this place online and was not disappointed. very reasonable pricing and great location near the louvre. there is a good variety of food and everything was great. i had the beef tartare, which the waiter even sat down and showed me how to mix it with the sauces and eat it. service was excellent, they were all very friendly, and they are constantly refilling you with tap water. the desserts are incredible - we shared the profiteroles, banana pastry, and chocolate cake, and they were all fantastic. very prompt and generally a really good experience. last night in paris and it was by far the best food on our trip! spent 40 for a meal that was far superior than the 105 meal we had the pervious night at a similar restaurant. would absolutely love to come back! we had the grilled steak tartar and the meat kabobs (the meat special). great prices, great food and the best hospitality in i've experienced in the city. all the staff,not just one or two were warm and friendly. a great place for lunch and dinner. i will definitely be back. friendly little neighbourhood bistro. the service was decent & the food was ok. i had the bavette & chips. the bavette was well seasoned. the chips were very overcooked & greasy which let it down. they serve standard bistro fayre at decent prices. it's not just tourists that go here, there wee lots of locals too which was good to see. great place in the center of the city. i stumbled in looking for a classic bistro experience during my trip in paris, and i was pleasantly surprised by the prices, considering the location. i was the first patron at the 7pm dinner time when they reopen. the duck confit i had was well looked, nothing too special, but good nonetheless, particularly with the paired wine that the waiter recommended. i'd return for the sunday brunch for my next visit to paris. great place to eat, conviniently close to louvre. we ordered two salads, and they were pretty big and very filling! waiters are friendly and know english well, they also have english menus. it was one excellent meal, good value for money! had a great experience here for a thursday lunch! we arrived at peak lunch hour, but fortunately still got a table for three. we ordered the duck confit, the duck salad, and an italian tartine. it took a while for the server (who did quite resemble james franco) to take our order, but once he did, the food arrived right away. the portions were plentiful (especially considering the price), and we were barely able to finish it all. we finished the lunch off with the profiteroles, which we would definitely recommend! we enjoyed our dinner at bistrot victoires. the food was decent and the price was unbeatable. our waiter was very nice and accommodating. will return soon. this was an amazing experience! inexpensive food and delicious with fabulous service and even menus in other languages. best place for the confrit de canard in paris! very authentic decoration and friendly staff! a must to have dinner/lunch in paris! had a great mid-afternoon meal on a sunday afternoon. most of the great restaurants close on sunday or close after 2pm and reopen at 5pm or 6pm. i needed a great meal at 3pm. solution: victoires. thanks to yelp, i found this gem. the restaurant wasn't crowded on a june sunday afternoon at 3pm. the service was great - attentive and polite, but not intrusive. had the entrecot, frites and beer. superb. mostly we enjoyed sitting outside and catching up on a laid back sunday afternoon.  i'd be happy to go back at any hour -- it was a great time -- but i am grateful for the bistro staying open all afternoon on sunday. this is definitely a great break spot in the first arrondissement for any traveler or tourist or resident. and the meal was quite reasonably priced. look forward to going back! very disappointing. we visited this restaurant last time we were in paris and loved it. i noticed that the rating for the restaurant dropped since our last visit but dismissed that fact as i gave it a 5 on the last trip. this time the steak was fatty and under cooked. the chicken was good but we were given a very small portion...a leg and a thigh. the frites were good but not fresh cut as before. quality has really gone down. very disappointing. had a lovely french meal here tonight with my partner. i had the duck confit (10.50) and my partner had the entrecte with fries (11.50).my duck was amazing & came with really nice potatoes and salad. the steak was quite chewy but it is rump steak after all. lovely service & atmosphere. will go again next time we are in paris. great value and a lovely evening out. found this place from a blog for cheap eats in paris. close to the louvre. went at 1230pm on a monday and was pretty empty. the server kinda looks like james franco and was real nice. the prices are great usually around 10 for an entree. salads are large portions. great french restaurant. had the meat of the day and salad. wife had the chicken, everything tasted great. this place should be declared an international treasure! what a find! a stone's throw from the louvre, wonderfully casual and unimposing, there is no reason to forego what will no doubt be a delightful and reasonably priced meal for anywhere nearby. its casual atmosphere and simple style of cooking is a great introduction to french food. there is no pressure to dress well or know the first thing about french food since it's not a ritzy place. casual, buzzing and very romantic in spite of its unassuming nature.it was a weekday evening when i visited but the place was heaving. luckily there was no wait for a table for two but some diners behind us were not so lucky. the crowd seemed to be a mix of tourists and locals with a slight bias towards english speaking tourists but the menu was offered first in french and then in english. there is no diference between the two menus, no secret orders only available on the french menu despite it having a noticeably longer list of items. this is because the liqeurs/liquors and aperitifs are only written on the french menu. the food and wine itself is the same on both.not much into starters, i dove in head first with a duck confit and my wife went for a steak & frites after being mesmerised by the smell of smoking thyme (the garnish for their steaks.) armed with a glass of macon each our server's recommendation) we both ended up having plate envy and spent the entire meal stealing each other's food. my duck was cooked perfectly as was her steak and the accompanying frites and potatoes were delicious too.for dessert my wife opted for a cafe gourmand (a coffee with a selection of mini desserts) and i ordered the spiced prunes. both were excellent but i have to say that spiced prunes were really something to remember my entire trip by.after a heroic struggle to finish off our desserts, we were surprised to discover that the bill only came to eur39.80. astonishing value for what i regard as one of the best meals i've ever had. no fuss, no haughty attitude and no pomp and circumstance, just really simple cooking with friendly service at a great price. don't go here for the steak. just don't. spend the money and go elsewhere. i got the "famous" 11 euro steak frites and the steak (in american terms) was maybe, maybe, ihop or applebee's quality. probably not applebee's quality. tough, stringy, quite flavorless. i'm not sure what the burning thyme on top added other than ashes, and i don't want ashes on my steak. on the walk back to my hotel, i saw a wonderful-looking steak at a sidewalk cafe. i glanced at the menu and it was 32 euro. i gladly would have paid 20 more euro for something tasty/edible.the pork special was ok but very strange texture. extremely soft texture, strangely soft. not sure what cut it was. the chicken was actually decent. how hard is it to mess up chicken, really? the highlight of the meal was french onion soup. it's the only thing that raises the place above 1 star.spend the money elsewhere. get something good. great food! love the atmosphere. felt very fancy, very french. the place was definitely filled with locals and tourists alike, more of the latter than one would expect for the 1er arrondissement. the prices, too, are better than you could usually find in paris, especially for food quality. i had a nice glass of kir to start with - you can select raspberry or peach syrup in lieu of cassis if you so choose! then, due to only fault of my own, ordered steak tartare, which is not my meal of choice. however, i gave it a try, and the presentation and french fries were both worth raving about. for dessert, my friends and i respectively ordered the chocolate cake, the bananas in chocolate sauce, and the creme brle, of course. all desserts were fabulous. my chocolate cake was just warm enough to keep the rich chocolate goo inside melty and delicious - and the crme brule was the best i've tasted, though that isn't saying much. what a lovely evening! steak was very good, well seasoned.good fries.pasta was regular.come here for steak ! this was just "ok". it was't bad, but it was't great either. we ordered the roast chicken and the duck. the roast chicken was slightly dry and the portions were fairly small compared to other places we'd eaten at in paris. the duck was better than the chicken but again, we'd had better. while the price it right, that doesn't really make it worth it. the service was also subpar.  i would not make it a point to go back here the next time i'm in town but if you found yourself in the neighborhood and we're famished, this certainly wouldn't be the most horrible choice you could make in paris. it is the place you have to go... when you look around everything is so expensive... so you will find a very good value therethe main dished are between 10 and 15 euros and you will be happy the decor is old fashion and the service is simple and efficeint but you will get your money back for a good dinner i will go back there there are pros and cons to this classic bistro. the interior is very romantic yet casual. location is great and the service is incredibly friendly. biggest down side for us was the duck confit (and the obnoxious couple beside us, but that's obviously not the restaurants fault). we picked this place because we found it on a list of great confit in paris. but it was super dry. but the potatoes it came with were fantastic and the salmon tartar was delicious. would have stayed for dessert and some coffee from the epic golden coffee maker but that couple was truly unbearable. my wife and i had dinner here and we both had the steak frites. the steak was good and the service was average. my only complaint is that we were sitting in the back and the tables are right on top of each other. there was an over tired and screaming child next to us and it was a bit unpleasant being so close to an exhausted toddler. not the way we wanted to spend our last night in paris.	1	0	1	0	0
 hamptons in paris! just when you've had one too many pots of hot chocolate at cafe de flore, across the street you'll find this somewhat hidden courtyard - all american with a bit of french service. elegant decor inside the restaurant. beachy vibe and elegant al fresco dining at the courtyard. ralph's never disappoints! always true to his style!lobster salad is delectable - the tomatoes are so insanely fresh & robust! 5-star chicken & mash. outstanding service from the sommelier to the servers. look for clemence! :-) such a memorable dining experience. i slept very well that night! this is a sad day for me when i have to give ralph lauren just 1 star. just like your dad use to say before getting a spanking - this is going to hurt me more than it does you. 6 months ago i dined at the same restaurant and had one of the best experiences in a restaurant i've ever had.  i've eaten multiple times in a row at the chicago location whenever i'm in that city, and anyone who knows me knows that my closet is full of ralph lauren clothes. i admit that my french isn't the best, but when you are in a high end restaurant in one of the worlds largest city the staff has to be able to speak english; especially since this is an american brand. my server did not and i found myself continually having to repeat myself and explain things.  the british couple next to me had the same problem. this out a huge damper on the evening but something that i could have overlooked; however the food wasn't up to par. so when you have bad food and bad service you might as well have gone to mcdonalds and saved yourself 100. the special soul was labeled a new england style lobster chowder.  although it was tasty and the lobster was fresh it was as far from new england style as one could get. ( again it tasted fine but it didn't move up to its menu description and it was certainly better than the squash soup they initially brought me by mistake). all of the meat at rl restaurants come from ralph's ranch in montana. the quality of my steak was very good; however it was not prepared to my liking.  this i am not sure if it was because of the waiters english skills or the chef. it was completely seared on the outside and almost raw on the inside.  served with whipped potatoes and lack luster spinach - even the basic top chef contestant knows to use salt and pepper. i had hoped they had something for my sweet tooth to maybe make up for it but alas they did not. so while i finished my liter of sparkling water i contemplated where could i go to satisfy my craving and maybe drown my sorrows as i've come to the realization that ralph isn't perfect. the restaurant, bar, and garden patio are all gorgeous! classy, elegant but not stuffy, sophisticated, and comfortable. the ralph lauren store is gorgeous. this restaurant exudes ralph lauren's timeless classic style. american design blends perfectly in this fun french neighborhood. make reservations for both lunch and dinner. request indoor or outdoor seating. my boyfriend and i came here for lunch with a reservation on saturday. it was kind of weird when we first got there. we didn't know how to get into the restaurant because you have to walk through a courtyard p/patio and there's a podium like we were supposed to be seated. there was a guy ina ralph lauren suit outside and he could have easily been a customer shopping but it turned out he worked in the restaurant. so why couldn't he have helped us? we finally got to the restaurant and they found our reservation and asked for our coats. i was wearing a light padded burberry jacket that i could have kept on but they wanted it off. awkward. but it gets worse!! another asshole in a suit comes and basically pushes by me. as a photographer, i always have a camera around my neck. he pushed my very expensive sony a7 to the point the strap swiveled around my neck. i had a huge lens too so he could have just said excuse me? this asshole turns out to be the guy taking us to our table and he has the audacity to go, "nice cam! is that the a7?" what a jerk! but moving on, the rest of the meal was fine, almost pleasant hence the four stars. we were seated in the corner seats which was by far the best seats in the house. the whole restaurant is stunning and decked out in ralph lauren designs, even the servers. we ended up spending 127 for lunch which is kind of outrageous but you have to do it once here.we asked for water and were given a still bottle only to later find out they have tap. they brought us a small bowl of fried olives to start, finish these before they bring your food because they disappear. they just take it away when they bring your food. the fried olives are amazing. they are warm and breaded very nicely. then came the bread which was less than average. we started with the roast beet goat cheese salad for 23. it was small but incredibly delicious.we ordered two burgers, the st germain for 34 and the ralph's for 31. the burgers look small but they are incredibly filling. the buns are toasted and super fluffy. meat is cooked to perfection if you ask for it cooked well. both burgers came with fries and a small cole slaw. the st germain came with blue cheese and onions. the blue cheese was so strong. the ralph's is the classic cheeseburger with bacon. for dessert we ordered the chocolate cake, ralph's favorite which came with three mini cakes and a coffee, and an espresso. desserts were all around 14 each. the espresso came out piping hot. the chocolat cake was recommended but it was a little too moist. ralph's favorites were the perfect portions and came with a warm brownie, caramel peanut butter cake, and cheesecake topped with berries. they give you caramel and peanut popcorn like they did with the fried olives. service was incredibly attentive. i wouldn't come back here but like i said earlier, you have to do it once. a must-go if you want a taste of usa. it was nice short break from speaking french and eating french food. everyone spoke english, definitely a tourist trap, but good brunch nonetheless. nothing to write home about. the outside eating is definitely ig worthy, girls :) glad my french pal showed me this place. cheers. a laid back niche in st germain des pres. the restaurant is usually booked last minute, so it's good to call in advance a few hours or a day even. a nice selection of classic american food but the menu should offer a bit more, as there isn't much to choose from. the bar is alright, i expected a better selection of alcohol. overall, one would really go to ralph's to ease the question of where to have lunch that's good and feel comfortable sitting for an hour or two but be served something from hot cocoa to wine. love, love, love ralph's! this is a must-visit caf for me if i'm in paris.i've tried a few of the burgers - the ralph's burger, turkey burger, and veggie burger - and they don't disappoint! my favorite has to be the ralph's burger: onions, heirloom tomatoes, lettuce, cheddar cheese, and crispy bacon. yum! with your drink before your meal arrives you'll either get fried olives or caramelized popcorn. both are deliciously american treats.if you love ralph lauren, you will love the decor and atmosphere. everything comes from the home collection and the waiters are dressed head to toe in classic ralph. the whole experience is so warm, welcoming, and chic!be sure to make a reservation! forget about trying out ralph's without a reservation, but it sure is worth making one. this is the very first ralph lauren restaurant in the world (more have opened since), and has a beautiful courtyard with outdoor seating (if it's summer time, definitely ask for that) and really terrific food. if you're looking for someplace inexpensive, this isn't for you. try the crab cake and the lobster salad, or perhaps a burger, though steaks are a standard menu item too, and other seafood too. ralph's is in st germain des prs, and in very close proximity to other very good restaurants like armani and brasserie lipp, but it's still my first choice! if you want coffee after lunch you can always have it at ralph's (and you'll be happy) or walk across the street to the historic caf deux magots, where you'll find good coffee and great desserts. the food was amazing, not disappointing at all for the price..the atmosphere as well of course is incredible, romantic and very cozy! the service however was beyond horrendous, i can't express enough how much they didn't have their crap together there..we weren't in a rush and we were really there more for the food and the ambience so we didn't care much about the service but it really was so bad that its worth mentioning lol. oh and there wine list is also incredible :) i made a reservation for 2 people and they had no trouble adding the extra person i brought. the host was very friendly and even came over to engage in conversation with my party as well as the party next to us the food was awesome and although we were told that they had another party arriving after us and i was a half hour late we never felt rushed. excellent service already planning a return trip. i will admit i am biased. i have loved everything ralph has done since the original polo stores. we sat down and waited a bit for drink service which was annoying. once service got started things evened out. the crab cake was very good as well as the watermelon salad. next up ralph's burger amazing and my wife's steak was cooked to perfection. the wine list was perfect. many french and some american choicesthe brownie dessert was also great. only reason 4 vs 5 was the initial service. fix that and 5 star. no matter what you are #1 for me ralph. the ambiance is everything here. the beautiful outdoor patio is nestled behind the ralph lauren store in the heart of boulevard saint-germain. nothing on the menu is super memorable. the fries are great and all the sandwiches are decent. try the crab cake as your entree if you're not super hungry. this is one of the only establishments where you'll get good service if you're an english-speaking american. i am happy that i managed to sneak a place for lunch on a week day. the patio is georgous!had the santa fe buger that was excellent and the fries delicious.would live to be back to try more menu items soon!!knocked 1 star down because the attitude of the front girls at the entrance of the restaurant. i was there when it first opened. then, it was wonderful, then. filled with parisians. fun. stylish. the staff was pleasant and very kind.fast forward several years. now, the staff is a bit rote. it's become a factory. they move you in, an move you out. if you ask your server to please speak in french, rather than english, they now ignore you. it takes about 4 times to get them to comply. it was never that way.the crowd upon opening was chic. tres sophisticated and quiet. now, it's turned into families with 6 year old children showing up in pajamas, not kidding, lying down in mommy's lap, playing with their iphone until dinner drives. spoiled, entitled crowd. gross. (and the family mentioned, by the way, was not american, but swedish.) i had scallops. they were fine. not special, any certainly not worth the price.  the atmosphere is gorgeous and romantic. but the rest of the package is reminiscent of a diner in great neck, new york... ugh.i see why the parisians don't seem to go here anymore. i have no desire to go back. we came here when ralph's was just opened. we loved it then and we still love this place now. outside seating in the courtyard is the bomb! we didn't have reservation, but we sure were lucky. got a nice seat in the shade!! do make reservation and don't expect to get lucky all the time because its always packed. everything on the menu is great. we ordered the lobster salad and french fries because we really weren't hungry. we just wanted to visit and absolutely had a great time talking to the people next to us who drove in from germany. oh and the dessert is so delish. we had the ice cream with peaches and apricot!! yum!! definitely come when you visit paris. this is one of the best ralph lauren flagship stores! not recommended. the service was poor. one of hostesses was very rude and would not take a photo. although i felt like it was the least she could do for the overpriced menu. the menu was a bit misleading. (for example, the food was not specified as raw.) if in st germain des pres and need a place to rest, come for an all american gourmet burger or club sandwich and a chance to sit in a meticulously manicured and beautifully lush courtyard. just be sure to call ahead if you'd like to sit outside and to request for one of their seating areas with cushions and pillows. you'll be happy you did when you get there - you might not even budge from your spot since it is so comfortable and cosy while sipping on a nice cool drink. price wise, if just speaking about the food - it is on the higher end of the offerings but in general, most if not all cafes and bistros in st germain are pricey. but with ralph's, food quality is consistent and high, as well as the ambience is spectacular (which is equally what you pay for when you head to st germain). also, if you don't speak french - or are struggling through your francais - you needn't worry about it here!so take a break from your shopping and sightseeing and enjoy a carefree and beautiful lunch/afternoon at ralph's. i have eaten here numerous times and always come back while visiting paris. although i have never been to the store, the restaurant is awesome. the decor is very classy and there is a huge fireplace.i also love the fact the menu is only in english and the food is strictly american. i love the club and everything they have to offer. i suggest coming here for the great ambiance and the food. you might get hooked. an amazing restraunt with fabulous decor, the veranda is equally great as the inside. theme is equestrian and the feel is grand.ordered the ralph burger and steak, loved every bit of it! i must visit when in paris. great for people who have a good appetite and don't always like tiny french portions. must must eat!! what can i say that hasn't already been said about this place. just fantastic. blue cheeseburger was creamy goodness. but did start with the acorn squash soup. had me at acorn squash! service is impeccable the people watching is fantastic and the atmosphere is insanely gorgeous. love love love. the place is nice and quite, good for couples, staff are friendly and comforting, food was ok as well, love the cheese burger. if they don't hate you, you will be fine. otherwise, they'll try to bluff you with a table in full sun, even if, yes, you made a reservation; and the walk ins get a better table...all of the staff actually, bar one, is friendly. the main pixie faced host is nasty under that facade. i want to know his name so i dont go there on his days. atmosphere ruined with him and his creepiness. i mean has ralph lauren ate here? i hope not because it's horrible. the decor was great but the food was terrible. i'm from nyc and eat at a lot of fabulous restaurants but this one didn't fall in that category for the price it was.my friend had the turkey club with carved turkey but the turkey was ice cold and later upset her stomach.i had the santa fe burger and it was average taste. it featured jalapeos which tasted like regular green peppers and not jalapeos. the 18 cocktails were weak so don't expect to get an afternoon buzz here either.if you are american and visiting france it's best to have the local eats because french people making american classics is a super fail. i chose to spend my birthday morning at ralph's and it ended up being the most idyllic place for a birthday coffee. we only went for a hot beverage therefore can't talk of the food but the experience we had was flawless.my friends and i were blown away by the impeccable service and the smiley waiters who went above and beyond to look after us. not only were the hot drinks perfectly made but they also came with a side of the most heavenly toffee and peanut popcorn which was the icing on the cake. i was half expecting the service to be slightly snobby due to the reputation of this place but it wasn't at all! equally i was expecting to pay through the roof for a coffee but it ended up being the same price as every other parisian cafe at about 6 euro with the free popcorn!this terrace is open all year round therefore catered for the slightly nippy weather offering blankets to cover your knees whilst your hot beverages warm up your fingers. the terrace is true to the ralph lauren style with tartan cushions and waitresses dressed head to toe in preppy clothes yet there still remains an air of the chic rive-gauche. we just spent a week in paris and had dinner at ralph's twice! once from the regular dinner menu and the second time for thanksgiving. both dinners were amazing. the boneless ribeye was perfect and the thanksgiving dinner was the best thanksgiving meal i've ever had. the presentation was beautifully done and the food was delicious. service was excellent!...and most notably, charles! thank you ralph's for making our trip and thanksgiving memorable! can't wait to go back next year! i like ralph's and if i am in st germain, i will always look to pop in here for lunch. th food is good, not great, but solid/consistent. we had the burgers and cobb salad and sat inside (too many people smoking in the garden/terrace otherwise i would have stayed outside). inside is nice too and vey rl. service was nice/pleasant and loved the caramel popcorn served with my coffee. so american! we went between lunch & dinner so they were only serving drinks at the time. we had no idea so the sweet waiter had the chef whip us up some french fries to come out with our drinks. i'm mainly writing this review so that everyone who reads this will order the hot chocolate. i'm not kidding, i still dream about this hot chocolate to this day. i even went to ralph's coffee shop in his nyc 5th ave location hoping it would taste the same but of course, it didn't. the patio is adorable & if we had more time we would've come back for dinner. food is not good at all the qaulty food is very bad the beef of the burger was to big if you are looking for american food in paris this is your go-to. it's so nice to sit outside on a beautiful day and indulge in a great hamburger. they bring fried olives to start and they have several burgers and salads on the menu as well as an assortment of steaks, chicken etc. the candy corn that comes out for dessert is delish! pricey, chic and serene, this is like the ivy of paris. definitely make a reservation! beautiful and delicious. the garden is elegant, intimate and lovely. the atmosphere inside this wonderful house is warm and cozy. the food is excellent. the service attentive and thoughtful. their new york cheesecake cannot be beat.	1	1	1	0	1
 this is actually some of the best food in france...and it's not even french. i make sure to stop by here every time i'm in paris which has been 4 times in the past month. best udon i've ever had and some good other dishes too. very friendly staff. lines can get long out the door. for the only night we did not make a reservation in paris, we decided to go a little off the expected path and try out some japanese food in france. kunitoraya was recommended by a friend, and she did warn us that it was popular - and, sure enough, even on a tuesday night, there was a line to get into the restaurant. nonetheless, we were puzzled that the restaurant was definitely not filled to capacity, and it only became clear once we made it to the front that there was a small sign saying that there were limitations due to understaffing. it would have been nice to know ahead of time, as waiting for nearly an hour was not what we were expecting. that said, we finally made it in and grabbed one of the counter seats facing out - a nice place to be in with the windows thrown open and a cool night breeze setting in. the place very much has the feel of a hole in the wall, and there isn't an abundance of seating - several tables squeezed in, along with the aforementioned counter seating. there are menus in english, french, and japanese, although i would say that the english menus were certainly missing some nuance (but were understandable enough to order on). once we got our order in (which took a bit more time than we had hoped, given the long wait), the food came out quickly. you will need to let them know when you are ready to pay, though, as you need to go to the front to settle the bill.the food itself was quite good and a worthy tribute to the thicker variety of japanese noodles. we started off with karaage, which was more moist and not as heavily fried as other versions i have had - a nice, refreshing take on the popular chicken appetizer. i then went with a hot udon soup filled with natto beans - adventurous for most but not for me, as it is a japanese specialty that i very much enjoy. the natto gives the broth a little bit of a fermented flavor as well as a slightly slick mouthfeel, but i very much enjoyed the transference of the natto to the broth and noodles, which were cooked very well. my wife went with a more traditional cold noodle dish with dipping sauce - very tasty, too.eating here was a nice respite towards the end of our vacation from the loads of italian and french food we had enjoyed over the course of our trip, and while this is a small spot, it is definitely one of the japanese restaurants in this area (among the many that appear to be nearby) that is worth paying a visit to for lunch or for dinner. the communication about the staffing could have been better, but otherwise this was an excellent meal to finish our day on. we waited for 30 minutes in late night and finally we got our seats looking over the street.the waitress can speak some english so you don't have to worry if you can't speak french or japanese.we didn't ordered udon as we had udon for two days straight. we decided to have the chicken and pork cutlet don. i was expecting a deep fried pork cutlet but it turns out to be fried pork. so i ordered a deep fried chicken for my carving.their food are yummy and right on the point except for the long wait, everything worth for a 4 star rating. wonderful udon in paris! we were craving some comfort food and needed a break from french food. good price and humongous portions! the waitress spoke enough english so it wasn't too hard getting a table and ordering. community style seating. can't wait to come back here and the other surrounding japanese restaurants within this area. sant! *get the fried chicken and the curry udon of course i got udon in paris for lunch alone on my second to last day of my work trip. it was actually good and i was happy to have found it cause i needed my asian fix every few days after 10 days of european food even though most of it is damn delicious. interior is cute and i sat out facing the outside and was basically being gawked at while eating my udon by the line that formed waiting for a table which was quite uncomfortable for me and probably made the line hungrier. it's a tiny place so what can you do? salty salty salty. so salty. tiny glasses of water. though the general flavors of the udon are good, the salt is overwhelming. we got the kunitora-udon (i really liked the flavor of this one - just minus half the salt they added) and the curry udon (marukame udon in honolulu still reigns supreme). i'm kind of upset that we wasted time and a meal in paris eating here. the line wasn't super long but it could've been better spent walking the streets of paris. service is pleasant but everyone in paris is pleasant. if they fix their heavy salt hand, this place could be worth visiting. a warm bowl of udon soup is definitely welcome on a chilly paris night but chugging liters of water after is not. one of the restaurants in paris that i will come definitely for each trip. this is the opening hours which is different from yelp. this place is overall good, but the long wait and the mix of delicious and off-putting dishes took it down a notch for me. we waited for about 45 minutes at a super off hour on a saturday to get into this place under nice outdoor heating vents. fyi, they don't turn over tables very quickly, so my guess is most people wait for quite awhile. we enjoyed the fried tofu udon and the mixed shrimp and vegetable tempura. however, the dried seaweed udon tasted and smelled really bad, with a horrible texture. this could potentially be a flavor that one must become adjusted to, and that is fine, but the seaweed ruined the flavor of the broth and the texture was not appetizing. so i would not recommend this particular dish.i would consider going back at 3:30 pm on saturday (because there was no line at that time) and only getting the aforementioned good dishes. in the past 2 years i have found myself in paris on three different occasions, and i have managed to eat here almost 7 times. this is definitely my favorite (non french cuisine) restaurant. some may say it's pricey, but i believe it's worth it. i've been to other japanese places in the same neighborhood paid about 5-7 less but not worth it. i recommend the katsudon and the petit udon tanuki. the fried prawns and vegetables are also amazing. everything is pretty much awesome here. we drop by this udon place on our first evening in paris. i've had really good udon in both japan and hawaii (marukame udon anyone?), so my standard is pretty high. while the noodle quality was pretty good, i was overall disappointed. the broth was pretty bland. the option is pretty limited. menu is very overpriced and this is coming from someone who lives in san francisco bay area, where we charge $4 for a piece of toast (albeit pretty thick and delicious toast). i was happy to have try it, but likely won't revisit next time i'm in paris. didn't know there was a little japan in paris and once i stepped foot into this restaurants, i was immediately flashed back to when i was in japan. the staff was all japanese and conversing in their language and the smell of aromas of tempura and rich broths. nothing beats the cold rainy weather than a nice hearty bowl of udon noodle soup. noodles were cooked well. i got the duck and it was cooked perfectly. it was very juicy and tender and seasoned well. the broth was amazing, i don't usually drink the soup but if it's so good then i will go for it. i also got the chicken karage (japanese fried chicken) which was very good. definitely recommend this place for their udon noodle soup. be prepared to wait as this place is pretty popular. 2nd best budget friendly japanese restaurant in paris :d sanukiya takes the win for sure, but kunitoraya is also great. started with some smoked eggplant app that is super interesting because i've never had eggplant like that before, but honestly the portion was super tiny for the price paid. now about the mains.-katsudon: again this is the second best in paris to sanukiya. the pork got a little soggy and didn't maintain its crispyness which was my main problem with it.-hot tempera udon: i am no udon connoisseur, but the noodles were bouncy and the texture was much better than other restaurants. they bring out the noodles in a seperate bowl and you have to put your noodles into the soup base to eat. . this soup was really salty sadly and i was thirsty for hourssss after i left :( then you also add in your condiments as you wish (green onions, small raw quail egg, garlic(?)). the tempura was great, oily as expected, but i felt the portion was too small when you are paying 20 euros just for this and a bowl of noodles. there was one shrimp, and the ones at sanukiya are much bigger. the udon is great and cured my asian noodle craving during the last trip, expect a wait but the line moves pretty fast since it's a pretty casual type of place where people come and eat and leave within the hour. great for eating by yourself since they have seating that faces outside and you can people watch. this restaurant made me happy. the place itself is beautiful, the warm welcome and prompt service, the interesting menu and finally the yummy food.this is going to be my number one choice when it comes to comforting and delicious food for any cold winter day. i had the recommended beef curry udon that is huge and piping hot/spicy, exactly what you want when you are hungry, freezing and not in a good mood.the restaurant opens at 7pm for dinner. came at 6.57pm and got seated straight away on a friday night, although some other reviews were mentioning a long queue, you could probably get in fast.i tried also the poached egg with was about as app and it was yummy too. many people took the tempura and they really looked appetising but my huge curry udon bowl was more than enough (price 17) and very filling.i wish i could have tried other dishes but i will definitely come back to try other food items for sure.this place is very recommended! i came here for lunch on a chilly fall day in paris and couldn't have had a better meal to warm up with. my friend and i arrived around noon on a friday and the place was fairly empty, but it sure did fill up quickly. we were seated on the end of one of the middle tables with group seating. the space is cozy (possibly a little cramped), but they've really done what they can to optimize it, so i can't fault them there. it does make conversation a little difficult, but not impossible. we were too busy slurping up noodles to talk anyway!the menus on each table are in japanese with french translations. we didn't realize there were english versions also available (the couple next to us used them later), so just made the best of what limited french we knew and ordered two udon bowls! mine was a vegetarian option that was absolutely delicious. the udon didn't seem like it would be enough food, but the bowls are deceiving and it sure fills you up! i couldn't finish my entire portion despite being starving when i arrived. kunitoraya's broth was delicious, bright, and warmed me to the bone. the noodles were tasty and plentiful.i'd definitely recommend this to anyone looking to escape on a chilly fall/winter day, or to udon lovers looking for a place to get a noodle bowl in paris. my mouth was watering just writing this! long lines but it's worth the wait. love the shrimp tempura with huge fresh shrimps and fried to order. i highly recommend the curry udon, which has good spice and is perfect for a cold day. the pricing is also reasonable especially for paris. good authentic japanese food, not too loud but very small and tight. the service was good and so was the food! definitely a good place to go if you're visiting paris! also, was quite expensive compared to other places but if you have the money go for it! food is good and service is not good. i have been kept waiting more than 10 minutes after i told the waitress to order. i complained then i have been told that they were busy! terrible! i loved udon at this restaurant! it was so good and that's what everyone was ordering.their udon had a lot of flavor and you could tell they were handmade noodles! this place is pretty small but that is what ramen places are like in japan so must be a thing for japanese restaurants. it was right down the street on the corner from the place i was staying and i could smell the great food and see how much people were enjoying it.i never thought i would be enjoying japanese food so much in paris but now that i have, i hope to return for more.if you come to this part of paris, you must eat here or you're missing out! make sure you show up hungry because this place does not provide any containers for take away (as my wife discovered at the end of our meal). fortunately, i'm always hungry! the place is very narrow with not a lot of seating so there is a good possibility that you might have to wait during peak hours.the veggie tempura with the dipping sauce was delicious but on the small side for 10 euro. i had the natto-udon soup which was a first for me (17 euro). natto is fermented soybeans which tasted better than it sounds. my wife had the curry beef udon which was thick, spicy, and very rich (20 euro?). no wonder she couldn't finish it. the beef was thinly cut and very tender.the udon has a great texture and the broth is seasoned perfectly.make sure you have a kirin (on tap for just 5 euro!) to wash everything down. this place was like an oasis for me. after a long day at the louvre i was in desperate need of comfort food with something soupy. this place had it. the wait was little long on friday night around 7:30, and it wasn't fun standing in line after a long day of walking/standing around paris, but i didn't want to give up. staff was super friendly and food was great. we each ordered udon and shared a chicken karaage - this chicken karaage was yum! if your udon seem little bland try adding some of the chili flakes/powder placed on the table. it makes a world of difference. i thought udon was a bit on the pricey side, but i guess it might not be fair to compare their prices to la udon places. the katsudon is exceptionally tasty. i highly recommend this restaurant, will be back to try the other dishes. if it weren't for the "regulator" - sporting a hospital blouse emblazoned with the symbol meaning "tiger" - handling the endless line, this noodle house wouldn't be able to function. because here, you'll want to slurp up the kuni noodles (homemade wheat flour udon noodles) immediately (they fatten up otherwise) in their smoking hot broth, seated elbow-to-elbow with a view of the big kitchen/laboratory. the best udon dish (in a hot miso soup or served cold with a dipping sauce) is the one topped with shrimp tempura, vegetables and chives, along with the classics (really good beef), covered in an avalanche of beignets, seaweed, quail eggs and fried tofu.... there are nice little side dishes as well: hard-boiled eggs with wasabi, tonkatsu (fried pork), fried chicken, bottarga and slices of daikon radish.... and the brutalist decor feels like something straight out of brooklyn. kirin on tap 5, teas 4, sake 10. p.s.: there are no desserts or reservations. udon 10-20, dishes 4-18. good service. great udon noodles. concise menu. sometimes there is a line out on the street. if you are english speaking they do have an english menu you just have to ask for it. probably the best udon noodles i ever had. seriously. my wife and i ordered the shrimp tempura udon and the kunitora udon, which is their signature udon with thinly sliced pork. both dishes were really well-flavored. the shrimp tempura was fried perfectly, and the broth was clean and had great umami. the pork udon was rich and savory. they used a fatty pork, which gave the dish lots of flavor. we also ordered a chicken karaage fried chicken. that was also wonderfully prepared.my only two complaints about this place were: 1) the prices are extremely high. our shrimp tempura udon was 20 euros, and the pork udon was 16 euros. that's a lot to pay for a bowl of noodles2) we ended up waiting one hour to get into the restaurant. i'd probably wait no more than 15 minutes in the future.however, all in all, a wonderful surprise discovery during out visit to paris. who would have thunk it. best udon i've ever had, and it was in france! we had the curry udon and the tempura udon. i was a bit disappointed by our dinner though, after seeing the good reviews and eating at the nearby sanukiya.curry udon was piping hot, but lacked the great japanese curry udon flavor that i'm accustomed to. more unfortunately, the noodles were a tad over cooked.tempura udon was better than the curry udon, but the soup was nothing remarkable.service was slow. the servers did not speak any english, but this was okay as most of the menu items were japanese phonetics.tempura udon was 20. curry udon was 17. tamago was 4.in short, go to sanukiya instead. great udon in paris' little tokyo. staff is entirely japanese. a little pricey but the quality is there. will come again me and justin b. were in the area in need of a late dinner and we were craving asian food. yelp was our savior and led us to kunitoraya. we knew it had to be good b/c even at 9pm at night, there was a line out the door for this place! we decided to brave the line and after maybe 20 minutes or so we were seated. this is a really small/narrow place and most seating is at long communal tables. i ordered the katsudon at 16 euros. this is a lot more than i usually pay for this dish back at home but i have to say that this katsudon was pretty decent too. the flavors were good and i can see why people were lining up here for good asian food haha waited here in line for lunch, waited for about 30 mons before getting a seat by the window that faces the street. very tight to get in and you will have to squeeze between tables or people. order our food, the drinks come out quick. we has to ask for english menus, started with the chicken karage which was pretty juicy amd tasty. would order that again. my friend got the tendon which is shrimp tempura..very disappointed that you only het 1 tempura for $20 euros. nothing great about it, as for me i opted for the beef curry soup. our food did not cone at the same time so my friend was eating before me. once i got my beef curry udon it was to hot to eat. had to wait for it to cool down or burn my mouth and tongue. it was good, not great, the beef slices were slim and the broth was good and had flavor and spicy but not worth the $18 euros either. you get a small glass of water. this place in my opinion is over priced and not worth the wait. i will not be going back to this place again. left there $50 euro less and only ordered 1 bowl soup, one bowl of rice and appetizer and 1 oolong tea. located in an area full of japanese restaurants. but, this was the best one that i've tried so far.arrived around 9:30 pm on a friday night and waited in line outside for ~20 minutes. slightly more expensive than the nearby japanese restaurants that serve ramen and other items, but thankfully, that meant the line was a little shorter. kunitoraya only serves udon and rice-bowls. i had the "tenpura-udon" and "katsu-don." both were amazing. - the udon broth was clean and made with dashi, and the shrimp tempura came piping hot. - the katsu-don came with perfectly fried pork (katsu) strips, and a slightly eggy & onion mixture over rice. the soy sauce had been poured on just before serving, meaning the fried items weren't soggy. the best little detail was the "shichimi" (chilli pepper mixture) on the table; it was the kind that i've only had in japan and spicier than the typical bottles served in restaurants.	1	0	0	0	0
 one of the best vegan restaurants in paris! my bf and i stumbled upon this restaurant by happenstance, after visiting the pompidou. we were lucky enough to be seated right away at one of the few tables at the outside seating , despite having a full house. i would highly recommend making reservations if you plan to visit on a weekend. the server was very nice, and attentive despite being the only staff working the floor. he and the foh/manager both spoke english, they assured us everything was vegan. #yasssson to the food.....we had the most delicious mushroom pat, a very light spread, with pickled veggies. i ordered the lupine bean roast, and my so had the beef bourguignon made with seitan. both were equally delicious but i was sold on the stewed seitan, they definitely know their way around gluten. although the green beans sauteed in red tomato sauce, which accompanied the roast, was to die for. for the pice de resistance, we ended our meal with the best creme brule i've ever had. better than what i remembered it to be. note: you don't often come across a veganized version of this dish, so don't hesitate to give it a try. it's big enough for 3 people but we managed to put it away, since it was just that good.french vegan cuisine at its finest. merci beaucoup! a la prochaine :) there seems to be a paucity of vegan places in paris. this one had good reviews and we decided to check it out.  we tried to go on a friday night, but they were booked. we did make reservations for saturday night. we had a table outside which was great. the inside tables looked to be right on top of each other.we started with the onion soup which is not called french onion soup in france. this just does not work with vegan cheese. it was bland and rather flavorless. not worth it.i had the rolled lupine bean loaf which was equally bland. the mashed potatoes were more chunks. the tomato was good. also the ratatouille had good flavor. this was a very average vegan meal at a very inflated cost.service was good and the waiter was fluent. no issues here.by american standards, this was very average vegan food.  a good start for paris, but i think they have a way to go on the vegan cooking.tip: unless you like dining with your neighbor, get a table outside. this was the first vegan place i ate at in paris and it was delicious! we went for lunch after i had just gotten off the plane. the service was great and the food was delicately seasoned and comfort food for sure. and they had great soy free options. the waitstaff was friendly. and has paris ever changed, the waitstaff spoke english. i think their menu changes based on available organic/bio foods. the atmosphere was hippy vegan casual, like most vegan spots! one of the best meals from our trip. small intimate setting. went with an ex-veggie and two other pro meat eaters and we all left happy. has a meal ever made you cry? it was unexpected for me too. i had the most beautiful vegan meal of my life here. i treated myself to a 3 course lunch with wine ("when in paris..."). the french onion soup is still a beautiful mystery that i think about 1.5 years later. i even had to wonder "is it real cheese?" . "how do they get it to melt so beautifully over the bowl?" many vegan restaurants try to replicate famous (non vegan) dishes and they come out similar. every course at this restaurant exceeded that. it was so realistic and very real to the traditional (non- vegan) way of preparing them! i was soooo pleasantly surprised! never have i ever had such a realistic food experience in the vegan version. the next course: 'beef' stew/(maybe bourguignon?) over carrots and mashed potatoes. mind blowing. like, just thank you so much!! it brought me to tears. everything came out piping hot. it was warm, it was comforting, it was delicious and special. any vegan wants a food experience like that in a food-centric city like paris. for dessert: creme brulee. as a vegan, i thought i'd never get to experience that 'crack crack crack' of my spoon hitting caramelized sugar atop creme brulee! i loved the experience. again, an authentic (vegan) version of a non-vegan item. amazing. omg. omg. omg. just, please run to this place, don't walk. i am still talking about this meal experience to people!!!! this was one of our favorite vegetarian restaurants in paris. merci for the yelp reviews as this helped us locate the restaurant.we both started off with the soupe  l'oignon and were so appreciative. it is unusual we get to enjoy our favorite soup as the broth is rarely vegetarian. it was so well worth it! my partner ordered the bourguignon de seitan and loved it. i ordered the roul de lupin  la florentine et aux champignons and also enjoyed.not only was the food delicious, but the atmosphere was lovely. the service was amazing also! for as many appetizers/starters that they have that rely on bread to accompany them, i was shocked how horrible their choice in bread was. i mean, this is paris for crying out loud.... there are bakeries everywhere that had bread 100x better.and their version of a 'french onion soup' was a bowl of said awful bread with broth poured over it. yey. a bowl of soggy bread. thanks.the rest of the food was either okay or good. but the prices did not match what you were getting. felt very disappointed leaving. great service - make sure you reserve, especially for friday night dinner! boyfriend & i started with a large onion soup to share, worth 9,5 euros, then a seaweed cassoulet, and a seitan bourguignon. the bourguignon was a bit over seasoned with nutmeg but flavors were complex and you definitely didn't miss meat. a great place for a friday night lenten dinner. best vegetarian restaurant i went to in paris. it's a very small restaurant so i would make a reservation.the food is absolutely incredible. everything is house-made and the sauces and ingredients were top-notch.i got the crispy quinoa burger, and it was amazing. i would be a regular here if i lived in paris. attention vegans and vegetarians, this is a fabulous restaurant that is a must for you to try. this restaurant is so delicious, i'm sure even your carnivorous friends will enjoy it. i enjoyed for a starter the "mushroom pate" that was so very delicious and moist. think of a flavorful sage thanksgiving stuffing. that's what each bite was tasting like.my main dish was the "seitan bourguignon" with your choice of rice or garlic mash, i had the mashed potatoes. it was a tasty sage like sauce, and the seitan resembled pieces of beef actually. they were very "tender" and moist, which is a first for me, because i've never had seitan taste so good in the united states. it's usually dry and chewy out here. for dessert i ordered the carrot cake with raspberry sauce, and it was good - not over-the-top - but good.the coffee has been great everywhere i've gone so you can go wrong with that either. so vegans and vegetarians hit this up. definitely some of the best vegan food i've had. the staff was so friendly. drinks were delicious too and the atmosphere is lovely, even if a bit cramped. my favorite restaurant in paris. the food here is simple and fresh, but so flavorful and interesting. classic french cuisine made vegan. on the pricier side, but worth every penny. impressive wine list with some really nice local choices. i like that you can order wine in 5 different sizes. the service here is always warm and welcoming, and knowledgeable of the menu. check the hours before coming-they close for a few hours between lunch and dinner. visa and mastercard only. if you are vegetarian or vegan and in paris, you must come here! super nice. cozy atmosphere. outrageously fantastic food! and all vegan did you say!?!?best advice is to make a reservation - we got their last timeslot at 7pm (when they opened for dinner) and overheard them apologizing as they turned away person after person - they were fully booked for the evening! and for good reason!!french onion soup........delicious. good onion flavor. consistency was just like one would see in the traditional versionbaked potato was out of this world delish. came with olive tampenade, hazelnuts, pesto....so tender, so flavorful & must have been a favorite in the house - everyone was ordering this dishtart du jour - broccoli & pine nut. the crust was tender, flaky, yet chewy which is my highest compliment and the filling was delicate and tastycrispy quinoa burger w vegan cheese & pesto. nice nutty quinoa flavor. mashed potatoes were smooth & mixed veggies were in a tomato sauce that was almost like a hearty stewwashed it down w/ a semi-dry cider & it was tops among the best meals of our trip. only sorry we were too full for dessert but will correct that at our next visit! for this evening, it was perfect comfort food for a cold, windy, rainy weekend!! one of the best vegan restaurants i've been! i'd recommend the quinoa burger and the chocolate cake for desert.the place was packed when we arrived but fortunately a table became empty after waiting a few minutes, so it's recommended to make a reservation. we had the quinoa burger with vegan cheese and the spinach lasagna and both were delicious, specially the burger which is maybe the most tasty vegan burger i've had. we tried the chocolate cake and berries crumble for desert, also amazing. i am french, but i will write this review in english so more people can go..i am vegan, and this place is heaven in paris. i mean, paris should have more vegan places and they don't... finally a place that serves french dishes.only one thing : cook the vegan beef in the boeuf bourguignon marinate so it tastes more like itthank you and go try it !! absolutely lovely spinach lasagna! definitely one of the better vegetarian restaurants i have been to in paris, because so many places here are just doing it wronggg. the side salad was delicious and the sauce had pine nuts in it, yummmm. i would love to come back and try the eggplant dish because it looks amazing as well. a must try! it's still hard to find vegan restaurants in paris, so vegans should definitely check this place out.french onion soup had good flavor but too much bread - would not order it again.however seitan bourguignon was delicious. i had it with the mashed potatoes. would definitely return for that dish.chocolate mousse made with aquafaba was also very good.service warm and welcoming.will try to go back one more time while i'm here in paris! pros: savory healthy hearty food, great service french-style, creative and varied menu, all vegancons: tables squeezed together, bathrooms need to completely redonejust finished wonderful menagerie of vegan deliciousness! was able to get table between two french parties (so still quiet and private) right away at 1:30pm on a sunday. waiter happy to speak french with us (and even help improve our ordering vocabulary). we started with onion soup - better than most non vegan versions we've tried! then we split buckwheat (gf) crepe...hearty texture and stuffed with mashed vegetables and salad in the side. and quinoa burger....like a flavorful extra large falafel with a fun flavor and sides of savory broccoli mash and potatoes.all and all delightful french lunch and we'll be going back for dinner to try spinach lasagna and eggplant surprise before we leave. this has become our favorite restaurant in paris. the waiters are always so genuine and kind, and the food is always excellent. one of the top vegan restaurants in the city, for sure. the food here made me want to cry. if you are vegan, put this on your bucket list. having been vegan for 19 years, i had never had french cuisine. so i never understood what all of the fuss was about. this is really just as well since i would have been missing out, but at least i didn't know what i was missing out on.now i know. i have simply never tasted anything like this before. i have no idea how food that appears to be so simple could taste so delicious. more than anything, this restaurant gave me an appreciation for french culture that i did not have before.i live in new york city, and what was really sad was how none of the vegan restaurants there can even begin to compare with this. if this restaurant were in nyc, it would be packed constantly. i have since come to learn that there is a french restaurant in nyc that has a vegan menu. i haven't been there yet since it's quite pricey, but just like le potager du marais, i know it will be worth every penny. good casual spot for vegans. recommend french onion soup! the entree was a bit bland and dry though, which was a disappointing. the staff were friendly and helpful. deceived by the good reviews i tried this place today. at ~euro 25 per person this place is not cheap and i expected better. the dishes looked beautiful but lacked flavour and texture. we ordered the french onion soup which was probably the ok dish , trust me whole foods has much better vegan / vegetarian soups. for the main course quinoa burger and roule , both were totally forgettable. i really cannot believe yelp has such high reviews for this place. this is a great place for non-meat eaters -- which is quite hard to find in paris. if you're looking for a dining experience with vegetarian items, this is the place to be.service was extremely friendly, specifically to a boorish american such as myself.i definitely recommend stopping by.by the way, i'm not vegetarian, not vegan, and i was thoroughly impressed by the food. so much so, that i have attempted to replicate food at home, without much success. to the surprise of literally anyone who has met me and my baby bro, he has become the more high maintenance eater of the two of us...so when he recommended pdm, i suspected that it was going to be tasty - but given that the salads we'd been served thus far were anemic at best, limp at worst, my enthusiasm was guarded. and while it's no hippy-dippy lovefest like life alive, it's pretty tasty nosh. started with green salads (happily ample), buckwheat crepes (massive for a starter), french onion soup, and the soup of the day - all were happily consumed - and then moved onto quinoa burgers and the "eggplant surprise" - all came with mashed potatoes, ratatouille, and ... pears, which was weird, but overall, pleasant, flavorful, and surprisingly hearty vegan twists on traditionalish french food.if you're averse to gluten, they make it easy to avoid gliadin-goodness, but if you're nut free, it might be more of a challenge, though do-able.also, don't make the mistake that we did, which was assume that as it's a vegan place in paris, it is going to be at best half full of american trustafarians finishing up a year abroad from oberlin in paris - make a reservation - there are no more than twelve tables in the place, and in the two hours we were there, it was consistently bustling.starters are around 10-12 , i think entrees are 16-20. desserts are worth the splurge, and ring in around 8.5. if you want to get your fiber on, or even just take a break from endlessly bland steak frites, it's a good, casual spot where even a dedicated carnivore will be happily satiated. as a vegan and having a gluten allergy it is sometimes challenging to be able to find the two options together in one dish. i am so happy i found this place. the food is absolutely delicious! the staff is helpful and friendly. it waa ao good we had dinner there two evenings in a row. i highly recommend :) food and service are phenomenal. we stopped by and were warmly welcomed to a table. being a vegetarian i've never had good french food and was incredibly impressed by the flavors and ambiance. order anything on the menu, i promise you won't be disappointed i didn't expect much from a vegan place. we came here for our vegan friend and boy, we are so glad we did!!! we've had a total of 6 meals here paris. so far, this has been the best. if i lived here, i would go again and again. but since we are only here for a little time and so many other restaurants to try, it would only be this once. i had the onion soup. it was delicious. ithad large perfectly cooked onions, crunchy toasted bread chucks & was perfectly seasoned with herbs. the "cheese" on top was so good and nutty. i'm not quite sure what it's main ingredient is. all i know is that it was delicious. my main was the eggplant surprise. see picture posted here. just like my experience here and it's namesake, it was surprisingly tasty. eggplant, which was perfectly cooked, had the same yummy cheese that was in my soup. the orange and green sauce was a wonderful combination of deliciousness. i chose the nutty brown rice as my side. again, what a surprise. so simple, but oh so good. overall, an outstanding dish!!!the rest of our party enjoyed their meals as much as i did. i gave this restaurant a 5 star because from service to quality of it's food it was superb!!! if you dine al fresco, you will get the bonus of the best people watching in paris. i will definitely come back here again when i come back to revisit this beautiful city. between the sheer abundance of farm fresh delights throughout paris' many wonderful markets, and the gourmet culinary dining available on every picturesque street corner, you might ask what chance a little veg organic spot like le potager stands in such a landscape. well, my foodie friends, if you also crave organic and vegetarian/vegan options while in the city of light this quaint and often crowded spot is worth a visit. atmosphere is generally casual, menu is straightforward and simple. that being said, servings are ample, and the fare is almost surprisingly flavorful. affordable, well located, and healthy- i will be back for more! hours different than what yelp says. i took photo of hour sign.i thought it was great food. felt healthy afterward. i had the seaweed tartare, quinoa burner and an apple, carrot, ginger juice.i recommend all of the above. great flavors.went back for a second day and the place was closed. i took a photo if the sign infront great vegan menu and good selection of wines too. we loved the french onion soup, baked potato, and the tart.	1	0	0	0	1
 my wife and i were very pleased with this restaurant. the food was excellent and reasonably priced. the bistro puppy was adorable. it's a great atmosphere just a few blocks from the eiffel tower. i had the sirloin steak. it was one of the better sirloins i've had. the pepper sauce was great. it was cooked very well. my wife says her savory crepe was one of the best she had in our week in paris. we saw the place riding on one of the hop on and off tours, and said we have to eat here. the staff very friendly; however, slow. well we didn't want a heavy lunch to slow us down so we ordered one plate to share. the fish n' chips. the fish n' chips were good; however when it says fish...it's only one piece of fish. le beaujolais was not too far from our hotel and the eiffel tower. i picked this place, based on the great yelp reviews. honestly i almost walked out when i saw the place was almost empty. the worker greeted us and seated us right away. the service was polite, but not too friendly. pretty attentive, but seemed forced, if you know what i mean. whatever...i was there for the food, not for the red carpet treatment. confit de canard pommes sautee (12,70 ): the duck confit was pretty good. i found it odd how only half of the skin was crispy though. i told the waiter that it would be better if it was evenly crispy and he disagreed. ok....i guess customer is not always right. that's ok with me.foie gras de canard maison (13,70 ): served with toast, the foie gras terrine was tasty. too bad it was a little too salty though...chicken pasta: i don't remember the name of the chicken pasta because i was too busy enjoying my duck confit. warren really liked it though. i just remember it had some kind of brown sauce that looked more like brown gravy.we washed down our food with heineken and apricot juice. mmmmmmcomplimentary bread basket.there was a cute dog patrolling the dining table. the waiter said that the dog is the boss lol4 stars!!le beaujolais is yummylicious!! i happened upon this restaurant when i was walking down the street after my normal morning cappuccino, as it was very close to my hotel. one of the items on my list of what to try in paris was foie gras and escargot, two items i have never tried in my life and was determined to so when i was in paris. beautiful little outdoor caf with some indoor seating like many of the other cafes i happened to pass by. waiter was very nice and greeted me when i was viewing the menu outside of the restaurant. i saw foie gras and escargot, and so i thought, i'll get them both here. the foie gras was setting on a bed of greens, green beans, and tomato with duck gizzards. the foie gras was a small amount, which i was grateful for, because if i didn't like it at least i'm not stuck with a whole bunch of it. however, one taste, and i was in heaven! it was soft and smooth like butter and had a smoky musky flavor to it. the gizzards were tender, lean, and rich adding more bulk to the fresh salad. i didn't touch the bread which was served on the side. instead i ate the foie gras straight by itself. then i tried the escargot. i always irked about the thought of eating snail, but based on looking at the pictures, i had to keep telling myself maybe it'll be like mussels. i ordered six of them, the smallest amount you get can get here. they were all beautifully arranged on the plate and covered in what looked liked pesto garlic butter sauce. i was very impressed with how lean these were and they absorbed the taste of the sauce quite well. overall, this had been an enjoyable experience that i can only hope to replicate on my next venture out to paris! fantastic spot for old fashioned french cuisine. try the escargot that comes in the shells- you even get those tongs that julia roberts fumbled around with in pretty woman. turns out she was right- they are slippery little suckers. don't forget to finish the meal with one of their fantastic dessert crepes. the owners french bull dog hang out outside- just makes the experience all the more authentic! we were supposed to go to a different restaurant just up the street but when we arrived we didn't like it so we walked just a 1/2 block to le beaujolais and had the best surprise!!! service was excellent and super friendly, and the food was delicious and the presentation was very nice. only problem was we were so full with the main courses and salad thy we had no room for desert and they looked so yummy... next time!we recommend it for sure!!! this is a little gem near the eiffel tower. the food is excellent. the beef bourguignon is so good! get it! the wine is pretty standard for the area and they have a full drink menu. the highlight is probably the owner's french bulldog. his name is french and sounds like "lucky" but we just called him hector, because it fit. the vibe is relaxed and the staff is pretty good. they are a little loud when it comes to hailing people to come in but they just seem excited. we don't blame them, the food is that good! this was very close to our hotel and less expensive and more parisian than the hotel restaurant so we went everyday for either dinner or late night drinks and crepes. give this place a try. i doubt you'll regret it!! amazing customer service and amazing crepes!! this was our first creperie we went to in paris and it was above expectations!! it was very delicious and not a tourist trap at all. there is a good place. because there is close to eiffel tower. stuff is very friendly. foods is good, not expensive. and they have some tv, so there is cafe and sports bar. wi-fi free. we came here twice. the first time we had crepes and they were great. especially the baked apple one. and the ice cream on the side was the best ice cream i tasted. that alone is a solid 5 star. so we decided to come back for an early lunch before heading to the airport. i had the chicken and it was bone dry. the sauce helped not one bit and seemed congealed. it was as if they reheated yesterday's leftovers. i did not even finish half of my plate. i would have rated 1 star but the crepe is this places saving grace. a lovely spot for breakfast. the place was rather empty when we arrived but filled up quickly. they have a nice breakfast meal option-- coffee, juice, croissant and your choice of eggs. i ordered the ham, cheese, and mushroom crepe which was delicious! it was massive! a sunny side up egg was placed on top-- nice touch! my husband ordered the fried eggs, which was four sunny side up eggs with ham on the side. the croissants were fresh and buttery. at one point they ran out of croissants so the waiter, who seemed to be working by himself, literally ran down the block to pick up more at the nearest bakery. dedication! food is good but he service is what is great. the owner and his dog are usually at the restaurant and they are extremely welcoming, they make you feel appreciated. the menu has a big selection of items including vegetarian options and they have menues in many different languages we were very pleased with the food here. my wife had the beef burgundy and i had a chicken dish. both were very good, the chicken was a breast with wing attached. the chicken was a little dry, but the gravy more than covered it. it came with vegetables and mashed potatoes. the potatoes were very good. my wife had the beef. it came in a pot with potatoes and carrots and a rich sauce. she was very pleased. they will give you a bottle of tap water for no charge. the glass of wine was reasonable. the atmosphere is typically french brassiere.  the service was fine. close to the eiffel tower, they have "the set" lunch menu for $16 euro; starter, entre and dessert. ordered the soup of the day and egg's mayonnaise for starter and roast chicken and entre of the day sausages. and for dessert, crme brle and chocolate mousse. food was delicious. the reason for the 1 star is because when the bill came, i was charged for the dessert. when i brought it to the waiter's attention, he said only 2 items were included in "the set" not all 3. every restaurant i visited that had "the set" on their menu included all 3; starter, entre and dessert. i definitely felt i was taken advantage of. really bad service, worst food ever and weird ambience!!!snail paced service ( literally). we waited 1 hour to order and another to be served and for what? boiled pasta served with really bad smelling, undercooked, super salty salmon. chicken with no seasoning at all served with bland fries. and only 4 out of 8 red wines were available and suggested wine might be the worst one i have ever tasted. don't waste your money here i was hesitant to try this place because i didn't really see a lot of customers, but decided to try it anyway. no regrets here as it got crowded a few minutes after we got seated. breakfast was typical. nothing stood out, but it was satisfying. the price wasn't that bad either. i would probably come back, maybe after checking out other places along the same avenue. don't be fooled this is not a parisian hangout. first clue is when they see you look at the menu on the sidewalk and start talking to you in english. the only time they'll pay attention to you is before you complete ordering your meal. their main focus is to put bum to seat and place an order. my wife and i ordered an appetizer, a bottle of wine and two main courses. the food was fine but it's the service that got to us. sitting outside and watching their game of luring new customers and neglecting paying patrons pissed us off. it took for ever to get the attention of our waiter to get the bill and exactly 22 minutes after for him to show up with the pos machine so could pay. i would rather have a frenchmen blow his smoke in my face at the othantic volant basque restaurant near by than eat at this wannabe french restaurant. we voiced our opinion to the main waiter in a nice way but he never apologized and brushed us off. many mediocre reviews does not make it a great restaurant. loving paris but not this place. good service. large menu, interesting unique french foods, price ok for eiffle tower vicinity. better than others in the area. overpriced just because it is near the eiffel tower. i tried the crepes . wasn't too great . they charged 5 euros for a bottle of water that i didnt ask for . tourists should make this clear with the waiter . i enjoyed the crepe in a stall opposite the eiffel tower a good place to dine nearby eiffel tower. the food is reasonably good and the price is economic. i have been here 4 times in the last couple of months ! ( if that means anything) service is good and so is food! location as well! ai had to write a review because i will definitely keep coming .... if you are looking for a quiet and relaxing place ( actually kind of romantic) this is the place to come to relax at! enjoy! the salad was very good. the croque madame was average. i also had a huge fruit beer and a very good expresso. a very easy place for a quality meal. excellent beef bourguignon! also had onion soup, crme brule which were ok, outside sitting area is under roof and with heating had a great dinner here with my family. maybe the friendliest staff i have ever experienced at a restaurant. the food was good. had the beef bourgiugnon, duck legs, escargot, and some crepes. the food was more like a 3.5 but the friendly and quick/attentive service made it a four. their savory crpes were good, very filling, and their crme brle was also good, but not spectacular. unfortunately, their frog legs were a bit bland at the top of the dish and the ones on the bottom were drowned in garlic...the garlic flavorsimply overpowered the frog legs making them rather unappetizing (and i like garlic!). it seems like the garlic was added in as an after thought and in excess. but, i will note that this is my crust time eating frog legs, and i don't have anything to compare it to, so i didn't let it affect my rating very much. this place is great! they gave a family of 7 great service for a late dinner. so close to the eiffel tower but not a tourist trap - truly cared about taking care of us. we came late at night for crepes and we were not let down. the crepes were delicious, and the atmosphere was awesome. for a family with young kids and not able to speak beyond please and thank you in french, we were treated so kind and not left feeling like we "annoyed them" like you can get at other cafes. they also have a french bulldog that is an added bonus to the cafe. the dog is hilarious and worth going to the cafe just to see it. after visiting many cafes we all agree, it is "a must" cafe to add on when you are finished at the eiffel tower. our first day in paris. we were walking near our apartment which was near the eiffel tower. we walked by and jacque hailed us. we continued on and then turned around and went back. we had the best french onion soup and aperol spritzes. jacque provided excellent service and was ever so funny. a couple nights later, we went back. i had beef bourginoun (sp?) that would melt in your mouth. everyone else raved about their meals, too, but nothing could have topped mine. then we had creme brulee that would bring tears to your eyes. once again, jacques was a wonderful server with great suggestions. we met elodie, the owner. she is so charming, as well. what can i say...jacques + great food is enough reason for me to return...again and again. we stumbled on this place as it was near our hotel. i see some review here about bad service...that wasn't our experience at all. in fact this place had really sweet and outstanding service for us. everyone in fact that we met there treated us wonderfully. i'd have to say though that the food was pretty average and really mediocre at best. we loved the neighborhood and had a great time here but it's probably not the place we would rush back to. if you're out milling around the eiffel tower area and find yourself hungry i'd say don't hesitate...but you won't be knocked out by the food. delicious food. very sweet servers! i felt extremely welcomed, it's a very homey environment. it is also extremely close to the eifel tower :)	1	1	1	0	1
 this restaurant was likely the highlight of my most recent europe trip (london/paris/barcelona). unfortunately, did not get a table at tickets in barcelona, or that might have won the prize, but this time it was definitely le chateaubriand. very casual ambience, but with 3 michelin starred quality (without the michelin star pretentiousness or prices). the food was inspired and innovative. many try-hard michelin starred restaurants sacrifice taste for interestingness, but not so here. the food is both adventurous and delicious. this is the crown jewel of paris' increasingly stodgy dining scene. a must-try. i was looking to spend money on an awesome restaurant in paris. a friend recommend this place to me and raved how it was their favorite restaurant. i think the concept - different rotating tasting menus is a good idea on the surface. however, i think they should also have some items that are available all the time. i am pretty sure i came during a time when the menu was so so. the choices that were on my menu of the night did not live up to the hype. the flavors were mixed. some dishes were bland, some were okay, some were good, but nothing really stood out. i am glad i tried this place, but i won't be back. i feel the kitchen should focus on some dishes that are good instead of experimenting and creating new dishes. this way, they will know a dish is good versus producing something that is just so so. the servers also didn't really know how to describe the food or know what was in the food when i asked for a description. some of them also didn't bother to tell us what we were eating. we were also given the bill before our last dessert and i didn't even know i still had one more dish coming until i saw the table next to us get a dish that wasn't given to us. if you must come, i would find out what is on the menu and read reviews for that particular menu. good luck getting reservations. this place fills up quickly. this restaurant was amazing. we asked to be surprised during our dining experience and most of the courses were delicious, the 2 courses were a a little too adventurous for my taste but equally delicious. the server's asked us ahead of time if we had allergies or food requirements/preferences which was great. it made me feel like the menu was catered to me. each of the courses had a great balance of flavors and textures. if you're willing to spend a little more, i definitely recommend doing the liquor/wine pairing, it was worth the extra $$. overall... amazing experience and the pace of the food was perfect. i'm not really sure how to fairly rate this place bc i didn't like the food at all bc i just don't like french food that much. however, overall the food and experience was good. one thing i didn't like was my chicken being under cooked for my taste. i feel like we freak out about undercooked chicken in the us so that might have been part of it. i actually asked them to take it back n cook it longer. i was quite embarrassed that i was that person but in just couldn't bring myself to eating it. highlight of our meal was the crispy little shrimp. this was the best meal of our trip and possibly of my life. granted, this was my first time having a french tasting menu. le chateaubriand has all of the finesse of a fine french restaurant with none of the pomp - casual attire is fine here. the ambiance is clean and nothing remarkable, but that can be a good thing.first of all, the menu is different every night - you get some number of appetizers, entrees, desserts, and a secret dessert. look at all the pictures attached for our dinner. personally, the flight of wines wasn't worth it since it doubles the price of the menu, but the food was spectacular! dinner took about two hours, so they roughly gave us 10 minutes each plate to enjoy and savor. while most of the plates look small-ish, after 11 dishes, you get quite full.the staff is super friendly and willing to help with whatever they can. for instance, i have an egg white and whitefish allergy (among others, but those are the ones that mattered). on my reservation, i listed this, and our hostess knew this before i had to ask. she sits down with you and goes over the menu if you wish - i wanted it a secret, but for the sake of my allergies they had to tell me. in the case when i had options for substitutions, i was given the choice of a protein or a vegetarian dish of comparable level - i had duck instead of sea bass for instance. (in this case, since my wife got the non-altered menu, we got to try even more items!).fabulous meal, will go back. definitely earns its regard as one of the top restaurants of the world (san pellegrino list), and its one michelin star (though if this were in the us, it'd probably be 2 or 3 stars.. but it's paris where they have so many restaurants with stars). came here for dinner for two and getting reservations wasn't too hard. the food was mostly good but some things were kind of bland or could use a bit of seasoning. service was a bit hurried and we felt a little rushed because there were a line of people waiting and wanted to turn the tables over quickly. was it good? yeah. some of the courses were memorable but for a michelin restaurant i wasn't as impressed as i should of been. my experience at the other michelin restaurant was out of this world with flavor, service and ambiance. here its mostly about the food and even then it was meh. dogshit. absolute dogshit. would give zero stars if i could. incompetent wait staff. mediocre, underseasoned, uninspired food. nonsensical combinations of the most random ingredients. total dogshit.edit: waiters smacked into me eight or nine times. they denied it. then they possibly served us tainted/adulterated wine in retaliation. this restaurant doesn't deserve a michelin star. it deserves to be reported to parisian health officials. i recently ate here on vacation and had a wonderful experience. reservations are a bit hard to come by but are worth making well in advance online. dinner is served as a 7-course tasting menu. all of the dishes were great but the pea soup and pigeon (served complete with the liver and kidney) really stood out and the monk fish with fresh almonds was potentially the best thing i ate all week (including meals at septime and loiseau des vignes). the entire menu seemed a little in-cohesive at times but everything was certainly tasty. aside from the food we had a really great experience with sommelier. he was friendly and extremely helpful in guiding us towards a good bottle and his (not on the wine list) recommendation was wonderful. dinner for 2.- ambiance (4/5)cozy and modern, but nothing particularly special or remarkable. very casual dining for sure. - service (5/5)fast service. dishes came flying out one after another. each dish was carefully explained. all servers spoke english. - bread (5/5)remember that scene in ratatouille when colette explains to linguini that great bread has that symphonic crackling sound? that was this bread. warm and thick in the middle with delightfully crackling, crunchy crust. - prix fixe 70pp- cheese puff, amuse (4/5)a but one note but very rich oozing cheese on the inside with very delicate pastry. - raspberry fish ceviche, amuse (5/5)very nice "shooter" size. the color lent by the raspberry was beautiful. the fish was completely hidden from view and kind of surprised me at the end of the shot. very strong acid pops. - fried shrimp, strawberry powder, amuse (5/5)not visually pleasing to look at. but crunchy and tasted of the sea. the strawberry powder did nothing for me (could barely taste it).- pappa al pomodoro, amuse (2/5)the tiny tomatoes were cute but the dish was one note sour. - fennel and passionfruit soup, amuse (3/5)the base of the soup was rich and heart- the kind of nourishing taste you'd expect out of a french country kitchen. then there was this annoying distraction of a passionfruit flavor and passionfruit seeds. a bit too creative for me and not at all complementary.- basque squid, peas (3/5)squid itself was nicely cooked but was disappointed by the lack of flavor development in the peas. the broth it came in could've also elevated the dish but it didn't have any distinctive flavor at all.- monkfish, artichoke, fried sage (3/5)monkfish was cooked beautifully though barely seasoned. the dish was also served with a soft mozzarella like cheese. usually fish and cheese don't go together and tonight was no exception. bizarre choice. same issues with the broth here. the fried sage was a revelation though. - goose, green beans, truffles (3/5)goose was prepared very well though unevenly seasoned. something odd happened to the truffles between shaving and plating as the fragrance seemed to completely disappear. - cherry ice cream (4/5)good cherry flavor and velvety texture achieved. putted cherry halves were also a good choice, though the dish craved texture. - candied yolk, coconut meringue, caramel (5/5)easily the best dish of the night. creative and also mysterious as it was the only dish purposely not given a description before eating. it was suggested that we eat it in one bite and i could see why as the candied yolk popped and all the flavors in the dessert flooded together into one harmonious note. great end to the meal!- strawberry, mint candies, cumin (4/5)really sweet, petite strawberries augmented by a kind of minty nerds like candy and middle eastern flavors. intriguing. - value (3/5)some of the amuses were bigger than one bite so we started veering into appetizer territory. this means that the 5 course prix fixe actually had closer to 7 courses. so that helped the value. however very few of the dishes actually stood out so i felt he 70 price tag ended up being a bit steep. - final wordthe meal started strong albeit not unique. the middle and most important part (the main dishes) all kind of fell flat for me. so even with the strong pickup at the end, i left feeling like i had just eaten at an average restaurant. yes i am giving this 5 . marianne k. and i went last night. it's maybe the best tasting menu and honestly the sweetbreads were the best i've ever had. it's a chefs choice every night so we asked to be surprised. not a single disappointment from the raspberry/gaspacho amuse bouche, to the sashimi with mouled cabbage and mozzarella, to the - yes sweetbreads again. finally, we chose the wine pairing and it is absolutely worth it. so unusual, so clear, and really enlightening for me - cider, champagne, and a chardonnay that was almost like a single malt scotch. enjoy! this place is not 4 euro signs but it soon will be because it's that interesting and good. prix fixe menu changes on the regular so don't really know what you're getting. the only lowlight was the sommelier - we asked for a recommendation to go with our meal and he would not give us one, which we thought was strange. and when he finally did, the wine did not go well with our food and we ended up going off recommendation on our own with our next bottle choice (much better).highlights: i liked that it wasn't fancy and diner like in a way, no fuss, no frills. the 5 appetizers were all cool. ceviche shot was refreshing. the tiny little fried shrimp with blood orange powder absolutely blew my mind. and then the entrees were so delicately and beautifully prepared that i almost cried out of joy. just when you don't think your experience will get better, they bring out the two desserts --- the meringue tiramisu concoction and then the french macaron with the egg yolk on top (basically eggs two ways). it was truly the coup of the night. i was blown away by the techniques demonstrated in executing those desserts as well as the thoughtfulness in making sure that the whole egg wasn't wasted. because honestly, what do people do with the 12 egg yolks after you make an angel food cake or meringue?! #21 on the san pellegrino list, hence, a must do. chef inaki aizpartate has received a lot of attention recently, and is steadily climbing the charts in the paris dining scene. self taught, non pretentious and very humble. we even took a picture with him in his kitchen just before we left the restaurant at 1:30 am!warm poppy seed coated gougeres were lightly cheese and delicious. all along the nibbles, warm bread was being served. poppy seed coated sweetbread was yummy. i think that was probably the first time i ate sweetbread. the whitefish in chicory was excellent, served on a thin sharp tasting sauce. the tocino del cielo, which is a traditional, although not super common, dessert made of egg yolks, sugar caramelized coating around the egg and a meringue base was something i've never experienced before. the egg yolk breaks in your mouth and creates at least 20 distinct flavours in an evolutionary manner over the course of the 30 seconds that it's in your mouth. i'd go back to le chateaubriand just for another one of these. if you are lucky enough to score a reservation here, you will have a wonderful evening!the menu changes daily so i cannot recommend a specific dish. it is a set price for each guest. what i can tell you is that they were very kind and explained each dish thoroughly.anthony bourdain recommended visiting here during one of his shows filmed in paris.be open to try anything. the food is fantastic!! highly recommend. we loved our dinner at le chateaubriand. this restaurant is one of my all-time favorites. light and delicious. and at 70 euros, this is one of the best foodie deals you'll find anywhere in the world. the restaurant is not at all what you'd expect from the top 24th restaurant in the world. the restaurant itself could be easily missed from the road, with its super unassuming facade. the inside feels like a typical french bistro. no white tablecloths. it's not reverently quiet like other haute cuisine establishments. on the contrary, the room is loud and filled with warmth and lively conversation. the silverware isn't replaced between courses.the staff is super informal. they wear t-shirts; not the typical suits you'll find in most other michelin-starred restaurants in paris. they were a bit rushed during the night. but overall, they were all very friendly. the sommelier, in paritcular, was really helpful and funny. he helped us pick a loire valley wine: agnes & rene mosse anjou 2006 (a cabernet/cabernet franc blend) which was delicious. the waitress sat down right next to us, to orientate us through the menu, which changes daily. she gave us the option of hearing about the prix fixe menu ahead of time, or being surprised with each course. (we chose the latter, of course)this as our menu:1) cheese bread with poppy seeds2) ceviche avocado. taken in one shot. cold and refreshing3) veal brain tempura with grated horseradish - the inside was soft and creamy, like biting into a savory pillow. very fragrant4) sea asparagus risotto with baby pine needles - somewhat briny, like the taste of the sea. subtle though, and not overpowering. the asparagus was actually not asparagus at all, but long thin tendrils of seaweed. firm and very crispy with every bite5) fennel broth with ravioli of smoked eel and ricotta - the broth was amazing. it had wonderful umami. the ravioli was more like a chinese wonton. really quite good. my wife said this would be a perfect hangover cure6) cuttlefish with onions, pimenton chili powder, and fried artichoke in black cuttlefish ink - the artichoke was sliced paper thin before getting deep-fried. really delicious. great crispy texture. my only small complaint was that the artichokes were a tad bitter7) cod with white asparagus and white acacia flowers - the presentation of this dish was amazing. all white and floral. unfortunately, the dish didn't taste as amazing as it looked. it wasn't bad by a long shot. it just wasn't spectacular. the cod was well-prepared but a bit bland. it was also just a tad on the salty side. the asparagus was very fresh and crisp. a nice garden-y contrast to the seafood. this was my least favorite dish8) chicken with purple spinach and cream of chicken liver - probably one of the best chicken dishes i've ever had. there was a piece of white meat, plated next to a piece of dark meat. the white meat was so tender, and it tasted like they had marinated the meat in chicken stock for days. there was so much juicy flavor in every bite. meanwhile, the dark meat was roasted to perfection. it almost tasted like duck. the chicken liver was really creamy and complemented the dish beautifully. this was hands down my most favorite course9) fraise chantilly - strawberries with strawberry sorbet, elder flower, and whipped cream. the whipped cream was so light, it was more foam than cream. it was like eating spoonfuls of air10) tocino de cielo - raw egg yolk with caramelized sugar on top. this goodness was then placed on top of a tower of caramel and dehydrated caramel powder. you eat this dessert in one bite, and the ingredients mix in your mouth, magically creating a creme brule right in your mouth11) blood orange slices with saunf (an indian digestive spices) very inventive menu. we were asked if we wanted to know the tasting menu ahead of time or just as it came. we choose the latter, but everything was a great surprise. the menu changes daily so i've hard stories of bad experiences but the one i had was great. we got seated at the bar so we could see the whole orchestration. one of the best meals i've ever had. didn't know it was regarded as one of the top restaurants in the world until the day we went there. the food was clean and sophisticated which is what you would expect from a great french restaurant. i do like how they give you an option to know what's on the menu or not and i recommend you say no so you can be surprised! we had heard that this restaurant was a definite must go in paris but to be honest i wasn' t impressed. maybe my expectations were too high but it was a 7 course meal (if i remember correctly) and the food was just ok. the flavors of the different courses were definitely different but not necessarily better. it is a set menu and so you dont get to choose anything other than your wine. there is the tasting menu without the wine tasting which is what we got and in addition got a bottle of wine which still ended up being less expensive than the tasting menu. apparently everyone else likes this restaurant but if i can go back in time id definitely try something else in paris. service was stellar! drink pairings were delicious! the food though... i've been to a number a nice restaurants in sf and ny and i can name at least 5 that are similar in price/atmosphere and the food was way better. a few things were really yummy, but for the most part i was disappointed since this place is known for being one of the best in the world. 3.5don't get me wrong, i experienced a great meal here, and the service as equally as par, but in comparison to other restaurants in paris, le chateaubriand was just mediocre, if not a notch above your average.my boyfriend and i had first seating on a friday evening and were one of the very first to arrive. sure enough by 7:30 this place was more than half full. we had decided not to have the menu recited to us, nor even bothered to look at it, which was quite nice for a change since i'm a little notorious for over-planning and deciding. there were few dishes that night that didn't tickle my taste buds, but i will say that the blanquette, fried shrimp w/ strawberry powder, red snapper w/ potato, and ceviche were all my top dishes. is it worth a visit? i guess if you have the time while you're in paris, but don't special trip and try to squeeze it into your schedule. i can name a handful of other restaurants worth your while. we had to come to this restaurant, which is consistently on every "top restaurant in the world" list. the offer a chefs tasting and nothing else, other than adding a wine pairing or not. i would suggest the pairings as they enhance your food experience and each wine/drink has a unique story and history. for example, one wine was a white wine, made with grape skins macerated and soaked for 8 days, like a red, and it was grown on a volcano.the photos should speak for themselves. as a person who goes to many tastings, i would describe this one overall as beautifully presented, picture perfect. the tastes and flavors were mild. each bite got a bit better. the food was subtle and enjoyable, but not "knock your socks off" in terms of flavor. i do think it is a worthwhile meal if you want to taste the creations of this inventive chef. lovely restaurant with great staff.delicious food, good service, casual ambiance. high value.highly recommended. excellent service -- the waitstaff is extremely friendly, helpful and saved the night.the food...drab, bland looking food. flavors that are muddied and imbalanced. i was shocked how poor the food was, it was like they were cleaning out their vegetable bin. how is this the food you serve on a saturday night?!please, if you're coming to paris, please save your money and go elsewhere! the hors d'oeuvres were a joke -- gazpacho shot of tangy water, a limp floating dumpling in broth and an overcooked lamb. again, very nice people but poor food. food was crap, wine was crap, service was great! there is no a/c, so i sweated my a $$ off! no idea how this place is rated so high!?!? save your money and go somewhere else! if i was to describe perfection 'chateaubriand' would fit this definition!to be greeted knowing they genuinely want you in their joint is good feeling, this was the beginning of my experience here, it went up hill from here!from go to woe this place ticked all my boxes, friendly, relaxed, informative service!food that was perfectly balanced in presentation, flavour, texture, full of pleasant surprises!to eat a caramelised egg yolk snuggled in a meringue case to eat in one bite thrilled me no end!!i left wanting to come back... thanks guys! the chef tried to prepare a great tasting menu for the night. the restaurant itself is very basic and could use a few tips to enhance a person's dining experience. example 1: if you are not going to instruct your waitstaff to clean the tables periodically then please line your breadbaskets. example 2: if you want to charge 15 for a glass of wine in a "small" glass, at least serve it at the beginning of the dish when it was ordered and not at the end. example 3: if you are going to serve a dish with a hair (umm..inside your fresh milk sorbet) then at least teach your waitstaff not to act like that is not appetizing. after we showed our waitress the hair, she proceeded to push the remaining dessert left for our night. example 4: this place is short staffed and if it isn't, then it needs to retrain the staff. a great restaurant experience involves rarely ever noticing the bustling bodies of the people moving around you. you definitely feel "rushed" just by watching them. we received the advice that this place was a must during our trip to paris. i will not pass that advice along. we went on tuesday, march 16. here's a rundown of the menu and what we liked and didn't like.1. mini clams on the half shell in a cream sauce - good2. indian influenced taquitos (best description i can come up with) - ok3. fennel and papaya soup - ok4-5. two fish dishes - meh (so my dining partner disagrees here but both of my pieces of fish were severely overcooked and gummy - as in, i had to use my knife to get through it)6.veal heart with potato chips - excellent7. sweet potato custard - ok8. this caramelly crme puff - goodall of this was 70 euros. the servers knew we didn't speak french too well, but did not describe the dishes in english (luckily we had an awesome french couple sitting next to us who did). overall, it was an ok experience, but certainly not a must do. we got the course meal here which isn't too expensive but the food was average with a few stand out dishes. we had a sweat bread tempera a bit mushy as you can imagine. a dish that i enjoyed was a raw fish with fava beans and clovers, which tasted fresh and delivious. the greatest stand out of the meal was the dessert which came with a caramelized, soft egg yolk that was just delightful in your mouth. came here on a recommendation of a friends in usa and sad to say, it disappointed us somewhat. the food lacked the exciting combination of flavor, but presentation was nice. wine pairings were pretty good. semi casual ambiance. i had a spectacular time at le chateaubriand when i came here last year around the christmas holiday. the ambiance was very casual. the service was superb. unfortunately, i don't recall what they gave us that day, but they change their menu everyday. would definitely recommend this place. interesting experience. definitely not worth the hype. the good:nice platingunique and sophisticated ingredients per dishefficientnot snobbythe dessert was great and unique. the bad:seared rare chicken - i get that it is supposed to be posh cuisine but i will not like this however it is served. rushed service. 9 courses in 1 hour. they placed next dish on table before we were done w the prior. they say it's 9 courses but the first 5 are amuse bush other than the dessert, while certain flavors were interesting nothing was delicious. at all.	0	0	0	0	0
 this place was great. great views and good beer. breweries are very popular in la so i was excited to go to one in paris. the bartender spoke english. and explained to me the different beers they have. i tried a couple. all good and then ordered a glass of my favorite. if it was closer to where i was staying i would have liked to go back more. we found a brewery. on a canal! as you can probably imagine, france is more wine-centric when it comes to adult beverages. while i enjoy wine fine, especially wine in france, i was ready for a change of pace. they had two ipa options - the bete noire (black ipa) and barge du canal (ipa). i preferred the barge one.we were there mid-afternoon, so the kitchen was closed. there was the option of charcuterie or pizza. we split the margarita pizza, which was quite tasty. they've got a nice, laid back environment, with lots of indoor and outdoor seating. it started to get busy after work time. here i am in paris, the city of fine wine and finer dining, and what do we do for dinner? we go out to a brew pub! paname brewing company does a pretty good job of re-creating a "classic" american brew pub. the menu runs from burgers to ribs, the "buffalo ribs fume". if you're looking for american bbq, this isn't it. if you want tasty, this is it. the ribs are (according to the server) first boiled and then broiled. my taste buds told me there was a real nice rub on there. the meat was fall-off-the-bones tender. the "buffalo" in the name comes from (a guess) the buffalo wings style sauce. not a lot...just enough. the fries were, as fries usually are in france, exceptional. i had a "bete noire" dark ipa. the beloved dot had the "barge du canal" ipa. both were good and for france, decently hopped (they seem to just have discovered hops over here... a highly hopped beer is pretty rare). if i were to order again i'd go with the barge du canal. it's a great place to eat...right on a canal. we're staying at the holiday inn express (which i'll be reviewing...it's a great place!) right across the canal, so the paname couldn't have been any easier to get to.summary: tasty "american" food with french cooking techniques. good beer and a great location. when you've had your fill of canard, head on over! what a cool brewery just on the canal. had the pils blonde. nice enough taste, the pale ale rates at 4/5 stars. what's really great is the atmosphere. lovely bar right on the canal across from the st christopher's inn backpackers. great food and really nice place for a sunset drink, it also had a nice chilled out vibe and ambience. reuben is the man. if you drop by pbc, he's usually behind the bar. ask for him, meet him, tell him i said so.this bar is fortuitously located on the "bassin de la villette" which means that even when the day isn't quite so nice, your view will be. they have a huge patio perched above the river (sort of like a wharf) that is the perfect place to hang after work and if you're lucky, they might even have a band lined up. on june 21st for fte de la musique (annual music celebration), this place was slammed until closing.their beer selection is also on point and since they are a brewery, they make everything in house. l'oeil de biche (doe's eye) and bte noire (black beast) black ipa were my favorite beers.on this most recent visit, i also had a mojito which was good. then, i met reuben. i was buying shots for a friend on his birthday on top of all the other beers and drinks i was getting and i don't know what happened but reuben decided to get me plastered. next thing i knew, every time i went to get another round of beers, we were doing a round of shots. reuben definitely made a lo-key tuesday evening very interesting that night. then the beer munchies kicked in and i decided to order some food. the cheese plate was huge (but nothing to write home about) and i needed greasy meat at this point so i ordered the pork ribs. for bar food, it was on point.so its location, sweet ass patio, awesome service, and their home brewed beers makes this place a true parisian hipster magnet. get here early if you're looking to get a large space for a big crowd. and if it is raining, don't worry, you will still have plenty of space inside! i don't really have anything new to say about this place - just that it's great and you should totally check it out! i came here my first time in paris, and i was a bit disappointed that they didn't have more french dishes - but that makes sense since it's expat-owned. we opted for something french anyway - the large plate of mixed meats and cheeses, with bread and wine - and it was absolutely fabulous! the location is really prime - they have a terrace on the canal saint martin, and it's far enough upstream (so to speak) that you can get a seat and it's not a typical tourist place (although there are a lot of expats in the clientele). we sat outside, sipped our wine while we waited for the good, and then spent a lovely hour sitting in the sun eating. we promptly received more bread when we ate up the first batch.the menu includes things like pizzas, burgers, a mean-looking reuben sandwich, and salads, as well as plenty of beer (naturally) and wine. the staff are super friendly even if they're busy and don't have tons of time to chat.i'm not sure it'd be worth it to make the trek out there if you have no reason to go to the 19th district. but, if you're in the area then stop by - you won't regret it! i came with friends for beer & dinner. we sat on the terasse, which was nice, although we were too far away from the water to have a good view and there were to many smokers (which is the same on any terasse in paris though). the dark ipa beer i ordered was tasty and they served me a pint although i only paid for a half-pint ;-) the lamb-burger was ok, nothing special though and the fries, not amazing either, too crispy and skinny. i'd come back for a beer if i am in the area, but it's not a particular destination. for food, i think i should've tried the tacos. . . they looked tasty on the table next to ours ;-) my friends had the buffallo ribs and loved them! service was very fast, the waiters were very friendly and even a little chatty, which i like a lot in this type of bar. so you're in the middle of paris and looking for a good beer? i was in the same boat as you and let me tell you that it's a surprising predicament. too used to microbreweries and craft beer purveyors on nearly every corner back in the us. local parisian beer offerings tend to be the same light blond euro crap that leaves one wholly unsatisfied. this led me to yelp and the inter-web knowing that there must be better in this incredibly diverse "city of light..."my research pointed me some significant distance by metro to paname brewing in the hopes of slaking my hoppy desires. while it seemed promising, sadly, it left this beer lover uninspired. c'est dommage ('too bad' in french). the setting is likely one that any american beer lover would recognize. a converted industrial building with big stainless tanks, taps, chalkboards and a large thirsty crowd. unfortunately the beers we tried didn't live up to expectations. the ipa lacked a satisfying hoppy character, the saison was dull and without interest. we didn't bother with their other 'in-house' offerings. we shared a charcuterie plate which was decent.this place is very popular with parisians. it was lively and crowded and is beautifully situated on the canal. unfortunately for us indoor seating was impossible to come by. since second hand smoke is not our thing we ended up leaving and going to the troll cafe in the 4th arrondissement. look it up. great food, came out reasonably fast. only negative for me was that the food came out warm rather than hot. so it likely was waiting a long time before the waiter went to go get it. drinks were good. atmosphere was fantastic. i would go again if i am ever in the neighborhood. obviously, beers should be the focus here though they do have other options. they carry all different types (from lagers to wheat-y blonds to hoppy ipas) so everyone should be able to find something they like. the food menu is diverse, mixing food you often find at brewpubs in new york and san francisco (pastrami plates, sliders and tacos, guacamole, respectively) with the very french planche mixte, piece du boucher, alongside common snack foods from everywhere else (fish and chips, mediterranean mezzas, flatbreads/pizzas).fan of the lamb tacos (small order comes with 3 tacos for 9 euros, very generous with the lamb), guac was surprisingly tasty and you'd have to be an idiot to mess up a planche. the foccacia and pizza were forgettable. order at the bar and then park yourself here for a few hours with a few friends. the best thing about this place is the space itself. there is a very nice outdoor seating along the canal which is packed when the weather is nice. even on gray days, there is plenty of seating in the airy interior ---try to snag on near the huge windows facing the canal! great place, the restaurant looks fantastic and on a friday night is full, great food, i had the paname burger and it was delicious! staff were friendly and even though it was busy the service was fast. will definitely be back soon!!came back, even better the second time!10/10 would recommend!! excellent location, lovely place specially if you can get a table on the terrasse with view on the canal. very laid back and popular in the summer. no table service but the bar service is fast. they also brew their own beers (hence the name) im a fan. the moment i had a great craft beer in one hand and a terrific pulled pork taco in the other, paname brewing company had won my heart. so theyve got the food and beverage situation down, but also the location at the canal is fantastic.what you should know: during the day families with children are very welcome but come the evening, this place turns more into a loud bar. took a train ride up to this side of paris on our last day and fell in love with this restaurant/bar. service was amazing!!!! staff was so cool and friendly. food was delicious (they were bbq'ing the meats outside) and the view was out of this world!! next time i'm in paris i'm definitely going back. great place to sit on the canal and watch the people. it would be great if they had table service outside, but it's fine to get up every once in a while to get a fresh beer. just don't lose your table :-) meh...i was unfortunately very underwhelmed by this place. we rushed here the week of its opening to see what all the fuss was about, and i've been back a few times for a drink since cuz others wanted to check it out, but eh no.the concept of a brewpub in paris sounds great (although it's by far not the first - frog pubs, anyone?) and you might think what could be better than craft beer with a view of the canal?well, first of all, the prices are kinda excessive. i mean i do get the beer is homemade on the premises and it's good stuff not piss water, but you're gonna need a certain budget if you wanna drink here. the food menu is way pricy for what it is and not all that. i was disappointed by it. the staff can be kind of anal and not so helpful if you don't go up to the right line for your food or drink order. like if there's no one at one of the lines you can't put in your order there unless it's for the specific type of order specified (food or drink). it is large and spacious, i'll give it that. but outdoor seating (which is nice) can fill up quickly, and you may be stuck with indoor seating (which is kind of dark and gloomy and sad if it's nice and sunny out). maybe grab one drink here and for the rest do a picnic or head to 25 degres est.i have no real desire to come back here - it's more hype than legit awesomeness for me, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion so why not check it out for yourself? i'm open-minded and it's been a while since i've been back here, but i'll be sure to update if my review/opinion changes! this was my first meal in europe. exactly like a place i would expect to hang out back home. that's a compliment by the way. gastropub/brewery done right. the beer is amazing, the food is delicious, and the service is excellent. it doesn't hurt it's a 5 minute walk from my hotel. nice selection of artisanal beers in the middle of a city not known for beer. we arrived on a sunny afternoon to see a lively group of folks enjoying the canal and open space. beers were very nice, but unfortunately the kitchen was closed at 2:30 on a saturday afternoon, and there were only two bartenders working (which meant that one had to stand in a queue for 5-10 minutes every time to order a drink. super cute spot! great view, great beer selection, and yummy food :) this place is must when in paris! the bartenders speak english if you have trouble with your french. great spot when the sun is out. absolutely beautiful to sit outside or inside soaking up the warmth, staring out at the peaceful canal. haven't tried much of the food here. the meat and cheese board was delicious. beers are great and many options on tap. gets quite popular during the evening and most seats are full. wifi is available inside, haven't tried it in my laptop, but i can see two other people working away and it's working well enough to post this review. absolutely beautiful location, great food and some wonderful refreshing drinks and beers brewed on site. highly recommend for an afternoon stop and take in the sites and sounds of the canal. it's hard not to really want to love this place desperately. there's good (albeit a bit pricy for the area) beer, a lovely view of the canal at sunset, and a dock to put your toes in the water. my main reasons for not falling all over myself in gushing about this place is that in its attempt to fill the brewpub void of paris, it falls down a bit on the job. there's something a bit too pristine about this place for me to feel sufficiently grimy the way i do in a real brewpub. also, the food isn't greasy enough. i should need multiple napkins when eating things at a brewpub. and the long lines for ordering a beer when it's busy wear me out. that said, the waitstaff are cool and well-tattooed, the space itself is on point, and the bathrooms are even heated. i think my hesitation in going all out giving this place 5 stars is that the edges aren't rough enough. i want more oomph in a brewpub that has the potential this place does. regardless, this is a steady go-to for me in the hood. i'll never turn down a rdv here and i've never left here feeling disappointed. i will go back happily many, many times in the years to come. finally a micro-brewery in france done right! the staff knows the products they are serving and are excited and willing to talk about them, from the hummus to the imported galaxy hops from australia. the beer is the best craft beer i have tasted in france and the brewer from bamberg, bavaria, germany is dialed in on his craft. we even got a sneak peak of the smoked beer he is working on, a must taste if available!  the menu is unique with pulled pork sandwiches, philly cheese steaks, and funky ingredient pizzas, all perfect matches for the beer selection. i had higher hopes for this place. it was recommended by my hair dresser. she said the beer choices are fabulous, the pizzas are good, and awesome view, sitting on the canal. while i can say it was nice to have some micro brewery choices and not the same leffe, 1664, and guiness, the menu was still pretty limited and they were out of some of the beers. food was just ok. i opted for the hummus with my burger in lieu of fries (trying to be healthy) and i just got a bowl of hummus. it was weird! where are the pita chips, folks? or at least some carrots? it is not as tasty to eat hummus on a spoon! and a dead rat floated by us in the canal...not their problem, of course, but does ruin the view. we won't be back. nice spot (in or outdoor), with lot of place. very good craft beers on tap (their own and some of other breweries). the food is ok. barmen and barmaid are very cool. you should definitely go! !! lamb pizza and burger was delicious, even have a healthy quinoa salad option. awesome mid week lunch spot for family and fun, pretty packed for friday night drinks! love this place, beer is amazing and the view is fantastic on a hot summer day. can't wait to go back the view is stunning, the barmaids are hot and the beer is "unique", the food is basic but oh so gooooood ! what else? the new bar in town. i remember wondering when i lived in the 19th next to the canal when the neighborhood would take off. well with this brewery opening its doors, the process has clearly gone into high gear. the space is really well done with a super long bar and a projection screen for sports or other big tv events. the beers are better than "brew pub" quality and while the ipa is a little tame and more of a simple pale ale to my taste, their black ipa was delicious. amazing selection of meats if you need your protein fix and the ribs and pastrami were delicious and came with a nice red pepper sauce. would have been nice if the extreme meat planche (i would call it the redneck before i called it the paysan but the ribs are dlicieux) came with some bread...this is paris. beautiful view and nice terasse looking out on the canal. given they are brewing their own beer the prices seem pretty extravagant so i'm docking one star. but i'll be going back.	0	1	1	0	1
 great homemade beers, good food, good energy, very warm and cozy atmosphere and very friendly service after stumbling around paris with my girlfriend, enjoying the amazing architecture and art, i was excited to accidentally bump into this brewery once leaving the latin district. the inside has a nice welcoming glow, with a shiny copper steel vat which used to brew their own beer! [see picture below].they had an entire menu. the pizza looked great, but just stopped in for a couple drinks. they have a wheat beer, an amber, a fruity citrus beer of sorts, and one more that they were out of at the moment.the prices are great. most of the beer was under 5 for a pint. the bartenders and brewmaster we're also very friendly. just from stopping by for about an hour, i recommended it to a few friends visiting paris within the next month. definitely worth stopping by if you happen to be in the area. this place was listed as the second best brewery on yelp so we stopped in. they had 3 house beers today, none memorable. we didn't see anyone eat, but i would not risk it. place should be labeled a 'dive bar' at best. depressing at around 11 on a sunday we were having a ton of trouble finding a bar in the area. most places were either closed or filled with college kids celebrating the end of the semester. when we came across o'neil we were thrilled. as soon as we discovered that they brewed beer in-house we were even more psyched about our discovery. the bar was pretty empty (apparently sunday nights are not the night to go out), but the beer was incredible and the bartender was friendly, so we ended up staying for a few drinks. i ordered an amber ale which was smooth and delicious. in it's prime i feel like this bar pops off, i think we were just a night too late. in any case, the prices were fair, the beer was great and our bartender was an absolute riot. we didn't find much craft beer in paris, so if you're a fan i definitely suggest visiting o'neil! friendly staff - nice environment! they offered us some food along with the drinks! i can recommend it! a great french pub! the bartenders were very friendly, and the bar seemed to attract locals and tourists. it is a microbrewery with a few different beers. we wish we'd stumbled upon this place our first night in paris! i have been to this bar a few times over the years, usually while waiting for somewhere else nearby to open, which is kind of harsh on the place. it's a decent little bar in its own right and has been making its own beer on site years before everybody decided it was cool to do so. unfortunately i haven't really found a beer of their's though that i seriously like, although the amber, which i had this time, was pretty decent. i cannot comment on their food really, except to say i know they do pflammkuchen (or flaky crust crepe-like pizza if you prefer). we had the welsh frites, which is essentially a piece of white bread soaked in brown ale and then smothered in cheese, which you can dip your fries in. obviously it's delicious and you should eat it only once a year! wine and beer were decent--nothing amazing. a very pleasant experience although i'm pretty sure everyone else there were also tourists (like us). fantastic in house brewed beer. very friendly staff and great service. english speakers and had very balanced ipa's ' blondes, and ambers this place is a solid 4 for quality, maybe even 4.5.we went here on a rainy paris evening. just a few minutes walk from the apartment where we stay. we went on the strength of the yelp reviews. we were not disappointed.the beers were excellent! i started with an ambree (amber ale) and it was perfect. smooth, full body but not too hoppy and not bitter or carbonated. it went down great. next up was the stout (brune). it was good, but my standard is guinness so it did not quite measure up. but the brune was not bad at all, very smooth, not bitter, just not quite as full-bodied as guinness. for the third course i went back to the ambree. the wife started with the blonde and liked it a lot. she then went to the incredibly fruity fruits rouge. it was as if she was drinking a glass of berries. this beer is definitely for the ladies as it is quite sweet. interrupting our drinking was something i cannot spell or pronounce but it basically is a crepe turned into a pizza. we shared a provencale and it was simply perfect. extraordinarily thin crust, with sauce, cheese, and very flavorful mushrooms. our waiter did not know english very well, but we got everything figured out and the bill was accurate. they have a great happy hour when you get the big size for the price of the small size.i like this place a lot and hope/plan to return before we leave. great local place around st. germaine. they don't speak fluent english, but their kindness & willingness to help made me not even notice i was the foreigner. worth stopping by if you're in the area. grab a beer or two & eat the flaky crust crepe-like pizza love this place. i went off alone in paris. first time here. found this pub. met the great bartender marco. so friendly. i've been to the place multiple times on the same trip. fantastic house brew. great atmosphere. my go to spot in ny hotel's neighborhood for a quick beer and great atmosphere before dinner. some of the best restaurants on the left bank surround this pub!! great little place. friendly good french fries and wine. will come back during my stay. fantastic craft beer !! this place has a fantastic american craft beer experience yet with the european pub flare the beer is made in house are absolutely fabulous and have none of the downside of the american craft beers (over focus on hops, ipa, etc) which lends itself to a beautiful beer tasting experience full of multi flavors. a bit disappointed by o'neil.we had the beer degustation (3 types of beer, served in 14cl glasses, for 7.50) and a flammenkueche (11). the homemade beers were good, but not excellent. the pints are also pretty expensive (6.50 for 40 cl, hence not even a real 50 cl pint!). the flammenkueche was really good, but too expensive for the quantity.the place itself is cool though, with upbeat music, dim lights and a big beer tank in the entrance. it is worth checking this place out, but i won't be coming back. o'neil's had amazing service. great beer and service. location is great too. get the la blanche. i was recently in paris for the first time. after eating here, i was surprised to see how few reviews this place has on yelp. as a us native, i took a risk by ordering the classic american specialty, a cheeseburger and fries (i know, i'm a typical american, but i couldn't help myself).needless to say, i was blown away. i'm not sure if it's because i haven't had a cheeseburger and fries in over a year, but this was hands down a way better cheeseburger than i've ever had here in america. i informed the waiter of this, and he asked me if he could have that in writing. but i'm serious. it's probably because the french tend to use a lot less poison in their food and a little more love than a typical american meal.i also had my first ever creme brulee - and it was incredible!also, the waiter didn't throw me through a glass window when i announced that i was not familiar with french like i expected him to. he was incredibly friendly and welcoming. the beer was good, the onion soup was lackuster -- filled with croutons instead of pieces of bread... but maybe that's the way they do it over here.service from the bartender was good, atmosphere was good, and the beer was very good. it's probably worth a try if you're in the area. amazing burgers and beer.  i'm here for only a couple of days and i'll drop in if in the neighborhood again. salmon lunch entree was also great. try the fruit rouges beer!! cool bar that brews their own beer. you can actually sit at the bar which you can't always do in paris. had the thin crust pizza concoction from the alsace region of france (i forget what it was called) was very light for a pizza and tasty. the beer was good and am everything reasonably priced. nice place to stop for a cold beer and relax after walking around. bartender spoke perfect english which is a plus this is one of my regular places to visit when in paris. a mix between a nice brewery with good beer and good traditional food. for the beers, they're all good in my opinionfor the food, expect flaemmekuche, burgers, steak, and my favorite, andouillette :-)as for service, nothing special. they're friendly and quick. excellent pub serving up delicious brews and cocktails. staff is very friendly and spoke very good english. pop in for one, stay for 10. good food, and great staff. went there on the recommendations found on yelp. it was very good, although there are probably better places in paris. had the amber and the stout - both were very good. also had the flammekeuche - definitely recommend. this is another one that i feel comfortable writing an english review of because a) there is info about this place on other english sites and b) the staff speak english very well and in fact our waiter would not even respond to me in french when i tried using my rusty french. anyway, it's not a kitschy irish pub as one might think. they brew their own beer: white, blond, brown, amber. the brown and the amber are both quite flavorful. beers and cocktails are cheaper before 6pm, fyi. the house specialty is flammekueches, which are described as "tartes flambees." i expected a tarte cruste, but it's more like a super thin crust pizza. the classique (onions & lardons) + gruyere was excellent. it covers a whole dinner plate and is a perfect afternoon snack to share. there are only 3 wines on offer. you don't come here for the wine. there is a basic selection of spirits as well. the "pizza" was very good. beer is good not great. drinkable. you can find vegetarian food here and a good lunch. we were so surprised to find something like this in paris! tired from walking, we stopped in for a beer. it was a quick stop, but the beer hit the spot and the staff were friendly. next time i'd like to spend a little more time at this place. is it just me or do all drinks taste better on vacation? food was ok. burgers are very different from the states (ask for overdone always if you don't want blood pouring out on first bite). the fries were good and my caesar salad was good but over dressed. waiters were very nice, the darkest beer you can find in paris and brewed on site. an ipa lover should venture here for a decent stout. all in all a fun restaurant, good ambiance, lots of seating and tvs to boot. best bartenders in town. great atmosphere and great drinks and some of the friendliest people in paris! thanks marco! i felt like we were cheating a little bit when we came here since it has the whole irish pub vibe going on and that's the last thing i wanted in paris. but it actually didn't feel as touristy as i expected. we first stopped in here for a drink before dinner and, lo and behold, it was happy hour so we got the big beer for the small beer price--score! the homemade beer is tasty and the bartenders were friendly. we liked it enough to come back for lunch the next day and we each had a flammthingamajigs, which, yes, tasted just like thin crust pizza. so we went to paris for beer and pizza, and it was pretty good.  minus one star for an overflowing toilet in the women's bathroom.	0	1	1	0	0
 echoing what every american on here has said...when you haven't seen an egg, piece of protein, or cup of coffee in 12 days breakfast in america shines like a beacon in the night. we got sick of eating croissants literally every. single. day. we found this spot, and it is hilariously cliche and on purpose. started by an american film student who just wanted breakfast! there are friends posters, soft rock music playing, and most importantly it looks like a 50's diner. we ordered a western omelette and the classic breakfast two eggs, toast, and bacon. surprise! they had english muffins - win! the breakfast by american standards - totally just ok. after not eating eggs for 12 days the best thing i have ever tasted. totally recommend, but only if you are at your wits end. enjoy paris and then when you feel like you're going to die, come here and you will be satisfied! authentic american food! went for breakfast, excellent omelette. however service could be better. overall great! plus vegetarian options! great place to get a sample of america. kids loved getting a taste of pancakes and eggs again. service was wonderful and food was great. not going to mistake it for a 4 star quality restaurant, but the food hits the spot. i had the cc's mess, which was great, though i would have done without the peppers, as i'm not a huge fan of peppers. my wife and kids enjoyed their breakfast of connecticut omelette and triple play. my parents split the lumberjack and they polished off their plate, which is a little unusual for them. all in all, a great place, especially if you need a quick break from morning croissants. great dinner food and friendly service. contemporary restroom facilities. a few parisian "accents:" bacon tastes a bit herbed, tiny tables and standard american booths, and milk (note half'n'half) with the coffee. altogether, wonderful experience! thanks, craig! (oh, and you can buy an autographed of the creator's best-selling story of paris' first authentic american diner.) quality breakfast. great coffee and milkshakes. would definitely recommend for breakfast and brunch! basic, simple, diner style experience. the service was good. good spot if your dying for an american breakfast which is more filling than just a croissant and coffee. i went to breakfast in america on a sunday morning and it was quite packed! if you're coming in a group (2+ people) on a weekend then you might want to expect a wait so you're not disappointed. this is definitely a popular restaurant with an american diner theme.things i liked:- the amount of food you get is certainly generous! i ordered the brunch formula with cc's big mess, a brownie (that i got to-go), orange juice, and bottomless coffee for just a little less than 20 euros (the formula is a couple euros cheaper if you get a different platter than cc's big mess). even the size of the orange juice was substantial and you get toast along with your meal (plus butter & jelly).- i really like the taste of their bottomless coffee and the fact that they brought me milk with it when i asked (true american style). i also liked the taste of cc's big mess which has tons of meat - yum!- my server was friendly and the ambience here is very relaxed.- real bacon!!! :)room for improvement:- i saw one of the servers (not mine) accidentally drop sausages on a woman's coat, getting grease on her coat without the woman knowing. accidents happen, however, i was astonished to see that the server never said anything to the lady! eventually i told the lady that she should probably wipe off her coat & she was also disappointed that the server never said a word nor did she bring napkins even though she saw what she did. that's not even a service issue, it's just a human decency issue.- it took a while to get my bill even though i had asked for it a while ago - not a big deal as i just reminded them but don't have expectations of getting the same quality service as in the u.s. (but it's still better service than typical service that i've had in paris).- the brownie isn't so delicious but it was very nice that they included a yogurt with it in my to-go box. next time i would probably get pancakes with the formula instead.overall, i would definitely go back. this is just like the old diners in the usa in the 1950's and 60's. we went and the only seating was at the counter. good for us because we got to see them make the awesome milkshakes. you have to try them. the person making them even lets us try the leftover shakes after they were made. the food and atmosphere was top notch and so was the food. please note there seems to be two of these restaurants in paris. who comes from ny to paris to have an american breakfast? yes this girl :)we weren't staying far and stopped in here since we wanted some eggs and it seems like pastries are more common for breakfast.i loved the whole 1950s diner dcor and soft rock playing. the menu is just like here omelets, pancakes and stuff like that.one thing i found unique was that they bring you bread but each table has their own toaster so you toast your own bread which was kind of cute. after traveling europe for the last week, finding this place was like hitting the lottery. i know when your visiting places you should try to immerse yourself in the culture, but i never realized how much i would miss my american breakfast. the scrambled eggs were perfect not watery. the home fries were delicious and most importantly, they had maple syrup. while traveling italy and spain, all i was given when i ordered pancakes (where available) was chocolate syrup and jams. this place is awesome and the service was great. i truly recommend if you looking for a true american breakfast. not too bad for american tasting food...this place was what i needed. i've been craving some bacon and french toast. the french toast was okay, the eggs and bacon were tasty and the potatoes were great as well. this is a very small diner, so be aware that it my take sometime to get your food if it is busy. overall our waiter was great and the people were kind. the food was delish. wish paris had more authentic french breakfasts places, we could have ordered this stuff in the states but it was still delicious! not a bad place to get an american breakfast. my wife and i were looking for a place to get pancakes while we were in paris and found this place. this place is great for any american who after being in europe so long is tired of croissants and meats. i came here with my girlfriend for breakfast. there was no wait time and the staff were friendly. i went straight for the eggs (over easy), sausages, and pancakes 2x2x2 meal. she had scramble eggs, bacon, toast and home fries. the food was good didn't feel like it was frozen meats and the home fries are different than the traditional american style but they were good as well. the prices were not great for being in europe at $10+ (usd) per person. i definitely recommend this place. if you're an american looking for a piece of home here in paris, look no further. breakfast in america has milkshakes, cheddar cheese omelettes, and breakfast potatoes that almost make you feel like you're back in the states. this place looks like every other kitschy american diner with red vinyl booths and those metal-rimmed table tops. the waitresses are american and it so strange (yet cool) to order food without the slightest bit of french. as for the food, the cheddar cheese tasted a bit like american cheese and the breakfast potatoes were a little cold, but the "obama" milkshake was a chocolate peanut butter heaven. also, my friend had the blueberry pancakes and said they were amazing. the prices are on par for paris, and really can you even put a price on hometown comfort food? i'll be back for another milkshake soon, and if you're really into great milkshakes or you're a study abroad study looking for a little cultural escape, i would definitely recommend you check this place out. food was so on point! literally as american as american diner food can get lol. staff is super friendly and accommodating.. price and hours are fantastic. loved this place! me and two friends enjoyed an epic, copious brunch this morning at breakfast in america. small warning: on sunday, be prepared to wait in line, because they don't take reservations. but it's worth it.i ordered the brunch at 16,95 with the new mexican omelette (salsa and cheddar cheese), the short stack of buttermilk pancakes, and bottomless coffee and a glass of orange juice. there are other egg dishes to choose from (all of which come with house potatoes and toast), and you can also get a muffin, donut, or brownie instead of pancakes. note: there is a 1 supplement for real maple syrup. totally worth it.no exaggeration, it was one of the best diner brunches i've ever enjoyed. the omelette was well-dosed with salsa and cheese, and the pancakes were among the best i've eaten. and i've eaten many a pancake.the servers were really accommodating and all speak great english. i could only finish about half of my food, and they boxed the rest up to go.one last tip: get a milkshake (especially the real banana one). this is not the time to be calorie-conscious. it's milkshake time. if you're looking for an american diner in paris, don't go any further. we just ate there because it was next to the hotel we were staying. food was ok nothing bad, nothing to come back for more,american diner in parisstaff was friendly, and place was clean great breakfast. we are americans living in europe so this was a taste of home. super quick service. got our food 10 min or less after ordering. didn't have to wait for a table at 0900 on a sunday. friendly waitress, bottomless coffee and water. lots of options for how you want your eggs served (burritos, scrambled, etc.) eat here! you'll leave full and happy! when in need of a normal american breakfast all the way in paris this is the place to go. the food was so tasty and had great portions. everything was fresh. the pancakes were hot and melted the butter, home fries were seasoned to perfection, bacon and sausage had the perfect amount of crisp, scrambled egged were delicious also. they seated my party of 5 immediately and the food wasn't over priced. highly recommend. my boyfriend and i were looking for a good american breakfast spot. don't look any further! this spot is simply amazing! we both ordered 2x2x2 (pancakes, eggs and bacon)! the pancakes were fluffy, eggs were scrambled to perfection and the bacon was delicious! five stars hands down! it doesn't get any better in paris! i can only comment on their annual thanksgiving dinner, which was super enjoyable. if you are spending thanksgiving in paris and would like a traditional american dinner - come here! and be sure to make reservations well in advance (i emailed them at the end of august!) as they get booked really quickly. the space isn't huge but it was just fine. we were sat with another party but it was a lot of fun. the atmosphere in here was great, really seemed like an actual family dinner! the food was delicious and for the price you pay - it was well worth it. if you can't afford the next morning flight to america, bia is the place you will want to go. bottomless coffee, breakfast burritos, nice english speaking staff. amazing. perfect if you've been two weeks in europe and need an american breakfast. i got myself the 2x2x2 and it was great! bottomless coffee, ehatmore can you ask for? the wait is long, half american tourists home sick for pancakes and scrambled eggs, the other half locals dining at the "it" restaurant in paris. placed is manned by college age americans living in paris so worry not about not knowing the language. the food isn't great, not even good but when you want a short stack and bacon this is the place. my wife and i went here 10 years ago and loved it and we just took our 2 daughters there today and it's still great. straight forward diner menu with great breakfasts and burgers/sandwiches!! also had a delicious malted milk shake. the waitress was super friendly and we had a great time!!! go here and joe allen's if you want some good old fashioned american grub!! if you're from north american (north of mexico) and are looking for a meal to remind you of home, be prepared to pay for it ! we visited yesterday morning and i was shell shocked at the prices. tea was $4.80 (that's almost $6cdn). coffee was decently priced....$2.60...but other items seemed a tad on the higher side and were priced according to paris standards. i had the french toast...it was very good...nice thick pieces of challah bread, dusted with icing sugar and topped with a sliced banana. only issue was that it was not fully cooked throughout and some pieces were still soggy in the middle. my dining companion had eggs (cooked the way you want), with home fries, bacon and toast. he said it was very good.our waitress was very good...she offered refills on both coffee and hot water, and checked on us several times during our meal.would i go back, even if the restaurant is close to our hotel...most likely not. went to this establishment for the pre-fix thanksgiving dinner. the food was very good. service was excellent and the owner really seemed to be enjoying himself. it was nice to feel like we were home for the holiday. if you are looking for a true american style breakfast, this is the place to go. great friendly service. we had the breakfast burrito and it was good.  it's a small place so you might have to wait if busy, we went around 1030 am and got a booth. really great american, greasy breakfast--reminds me of home. service was excellent: all fluent in english including the menu. reasonable prices for portion sizes. absolutely go here if you're an american tourist and craving some good breakfast/lunch food. ps: i recommend ordering cc's big mess-10/10	1	1	1	0	0
 fantastic place with great food (pork belly was absolutely out of this world!) from a carefully crafted menu. they make their own wine and juices (rhubarb) and grow vegetables on a farm in kallstadt/pfalz. they also own several more restaurants in berlin: aigner and altes zollhaus. good for a casual get-together, romantic date, or any group gathering. good quality food in the center of berlin. tasty, with decent service - service: 4 stars- ambiance: 4 stars- food: 3.5 starsservice was friendly but felt rushed... ambiance was modern (wood interiors) and warm. liked the table decor food was good:- free focaccia: 5 stars -- warm and crispy on the outside, tasted homemade. - salmon: 3 stars -- was hoping for a more fatty salmon - mine was a bit dry on the inside. the presentation was great with the fire, but wasn't much savory flavor - more strongly of thyme and rosemary - sides: 4 stars -- loved the juicy corn served with butter, mixed vegetables were more like mixed bell peppers though :( not many mushrooms or zucchini- cheese plate: 3 stars? fruit bread and the other brown bread were great but the cheeses were too potent overall, it's hard for me to say this blew my mind since i had a similar but mind blowing menu in iceland just a few months ago. tldr:for my berlin choices however, this was pretty solid. would opt for chicken + potatoes next time though.. seems to be the more popular option? we had a relaxed dinner here at 7pm on a tue. we had the combo plate ("for those who cannot decide") which included rotisserie chicken, ribs, and pork belly. the favorite by a landslide was the ribs. the pork belly was kind of dry! :/ we also had the salmon, which was served on a plank and accompanied by an aioli that had lots of dill- very scandinavian. this was tasty and very tender. in addition to the main entrees, we also got a combo appetizer. this had a tiny cup of gazpacho (very refreshing), some grilled octopus (delicious!), a small salad with chanterelles (sadly kind of bland), and some prosciutto. were i to come back, i would just get the octopus. for dessert we shared the chocolate cake with melting center- i.e. old school lava cake from the 90s with a bit of ice cream. overall, we enjoyed our dinner but weren't blown away. stop what you're doing and make a reservation at rotisserie weingrn. the chicken was cooked perfectly. i'm talking moist, juicy, and definitely a generous portion. rus got the pork belly, but i really preferred the chicken. we also shared a portion of mashed potatoes (which was on the smaller side). we ended the meal with the chocolate cake and ice cream. great for sharing.we didn't make a reservation and were met with a little bit of resistance when trying to dine (despite the restaurant being nearly empty), but all of that weirdness washed away when i bit into that delicious chicken! rally enjoyed dinner here and i thought the prices were very reasonable.i especially liked the pork belly. only had the grilled veg for a side, but they had many options.find it a bit odd that the meat comes with nothing on the side so you have to get some extras even if you are quite full from starters, meat itself.service was pretty good and they speak both german and english. mostly locals though, which is nice. cool ambienace in a mix of restaurant and bar. very central and easy to reach.the staff is extremely quick and friendly, and the wines are tasty.i ordered the spare ribs menu here....not the best in berlin, but very good. landed in berlin and was looking for something near our hotel in mitte. we saw other reviews and decided to try it for ourselves. we walked in without reservations and were seated, in the back, but served nonetheless. we ordered the chicken, ribs, mashed and fried potatoes and beer of course! another highlight of the meal was the bread that came out before our meal. the food and service was great besides being seated in the back while the rest of the restaurant was empty. ok. i wasn't expecting a "life changing experience," but i also wasn't expecting the finest pork ribs ever and brilliantly-prepared chicken, either! we went for the "three-for-25," mostly because there was just two of us and we wanted a variety of tastes (third was salmon). great idea!!dessert is fantastic, and so is the bread, so stay hungry before you arrive. absolutely fantastic. very cool little place on next to a canal. their food is farm to table and really very delicious. they have 2 other sister restaurants that i also ate at and should be tried as well. food was very good, especially the chicken, but not a lot for that price. you have to get 3 courses if you are hungry (unfortunately our waitress advised us otherwise and said one main course and a side would be enough). atmosphere was very cosy and nice, although it strongly depends on where you are seated. sadly it was a little too obvious that they pay more attention to large groups, that are ordering bottles of champagne. we spent about 70 for a dinner for 2 with a glass of wine each (so not exactly blocking a table with a small coke and salad) but somehow the staff seemed rather annoyed had quite an attitude towards us, while chatting and laughing with other "big-shot" customers. maybe you have to be a regular to be appreciated at this place?overall: mixed feelings. food was good, but left us hungry and the staff and long wait for food did not make us want to order more) amazing food! my father and i were in berlin looking for somewhere off of the beaten tourist track, and we were not disappointed! the portions are large, the flavor abundant and it seemed as though actual berlin residents dined there. we were the only people speaking english in the restaurant, which was exactly what we were looking for.the ambiance is fairly intimate as well, and the service was excellent. i would recommend the crispy pork belly entree to even the harshest of food critics. hope to return the next time i'm in berlin! wow oh wow!!! this place is in the michelin guide and its v clear why.we came for dinner (without booking - i suggest you do) and they managed to give us a table for an hour and a half.the staff are v nice and service was v good but the food is (as it should be!) the star of the show. it's excellent.i tried the goats cheese with rocket and rhubarb. the goats cheese was cooked v well so it just melted in the mouth. i then went with the half rotisserie chicken - you can't be dainty eating that. the skin was crispy and salty - yum! and the meat was tender & came away from the bone without much persuasion. for dessert i had the tiramisu with marinated strawberries and an espresso. located not too far from the tv tower, this place will not disappoint! the talk about life changing dinners experienced here are not by exaggeration. the service is great. the food is much better than that. lucky and i mean lucky we were to get a reservation. i am surprised at how unassuming this place is. this establishment could be anywhere else and be successful. it is that good. the goodness began with the bread paired with pumpkin oil butter. next the rhubarb salad to share was a nice little surprise. we shared the two person meat plate, steak, chicken and ribs. everything was awesome. ribs, perfectly seasoned and accompanied by homemade bbq sauce. the chicken was brined nicely and needed no seasoning. the steak cooked perfectly. i waste no words here. the food is great. desert was also pretty nice. all in all worth the visit to berlin just to eat here!!!! highly recommend their excellent pork ribs and killer sauce on the side. how to describe the sauce: comes in small metal container served very warm, made from pork stock, light tomato, onion/red pepper dices, slightly sweet, not thick, not vinegary like some us southern style recipes. one serving is 3 large and very moist and meaty ribs. within 10 minutes walk from the courtyard hotel on axel springer strasse.  farm style interior with wood and metal tables and chairs with high barrel brick ceiling. tables spaced nicely with room between. outdoor wrap around patio when weather is warm.in addition to ribs we had the thin sliced ham (like in spain) with shredded horseradish and small gherkin pickle chunks and 2 paddies of butter (bergschinken). grilled vegetable side with cut zucchini, red pepper, onion and small green mild chili peppers with nice black roasting marks. meal also comes with small plate of green olives and focaccia type bread and brown bread slices. didn't much care for the mayonnaise like spread that came with the bread. had glasses of house pinot for 9 glass which was pleasant although light. total bill for two with 2 rib entrees, appetizer, 2 vegetable sides, bottle of sparkling water and 3 glasses of wine ran 83. entrees are standalone with all sides costing extra (grilled vegetables, salad, roasted potatoes, and mashed potato with brown butter, for example.other tables were having steak, flaming salmon filet and pork and lamb dishes which all looked very good. service was attentive and friendly. very tasty and satisfying meal in berlin city center area. my kind of food, as i'm a dedicated carnivore bordering on cave man -- kind of a sparse menu but all the basics are there, so there's something for everyone -- even a vegetarian risotto option. i chose the beef and it was good -- almost as good as the bernaise sauce that came with it -- my wife chose the salmon it was even better (flamb!).the atmosphere is cool but the tables and chairs are uncomfortable. again, spartan, in a way that doesn't really suit a big american but gives you that cost-conscious design feeling that is so berlin. i don't mean that in a good way. the wait staff was equally german -- they hate letting customers pay in a timely fashion. i did not think i would get such a nice meal in berlin. local german farm to table food. everything here was good and the staff was very nice and welcoming. they have a bbq sampler plate you can get if you want to try a few different things. i would highly recommend this place if you are staying in berlin and would like a nice meal with local wines or beer. very good restaurant with german specialties and grilled meat. my mixed grill was good, especially the chicken. the lamb looked delicious. and my ceasar salad was very good too. amazing rotisserie on berlin!very upscale feeling and great and amazing flavors. everything looked and tasted fantastically meat is of fantastic quality and so was everything else. the service is also great and there's a nice selection of wines from different locations to choose from.it's a not a particularly big restaurant so it can be a little noisy but there's very interesting people here. good for families and groups.watch out for the fire burning dishes here :) gets a mention in the michelin guide. one of the best meals we had while on holiday. it has a lovely feel to it with friendly staff not from museum island.the food was wonderfully prepared, well seasoned and the octopus was tender which is seldom the case.the lamb shank just fell apart and i sucked the bone clean. started to fill up quickly so book a table in advance. simply amazing. my wife and i stumbled onto this restaurant after walking around berlin all day and saying, "we're feeling hungry. let's find a restaurant. how about this one?"service was outstanding. they had free olives on the table before we arrived (yummy). they tried to bring bread, which looked delicious, but we had to decline (due to my wife's gluten allergy). they were prompt with bringing menus, bringing drinks, taking the food order, bringing the food, taking the dessert order, making dessert table side, and bringing the check. three different servers helped us, and they all spoke plenty of english to help us (our german is lousy).menus were available in english, including a huge wine list. we explained the gluten allergy, and we were assured that most things were naturally gluten free, and they would be happy to work with us. we ordered a bottle of water, the house red wine, roasted chicken, steak, a side of roasted vegetables and a side of mashed potatoes. the sides were served family style for sharing. all of the food was outstanding, especially the sides. the steak was a bit overpriced, but still delicious.for dessert, the server was on the ball telling us about the one gluten-free option, which was basically a creme brle. they finished it at the table with a torch, and there was a berry compote to put on top. plus, i got some fantastic coffee on the side.we left this restaurant totally full and totally happy. it was expensive, but worth every last euro. loved, loved, loved this place. ambiance was awesome, and service was lovely. the food was, as the yelp community said, awesome. be sure to get the 3-meat special to experience everything (and it really helps when you can't decide what to get!). the wine menu was outstanding. the shrimp appetizer was delicious. this is "modern german food", not heavy meats, just delightful. go! went here after reading so many positive reviews on yelp and i'm glad i did!! this place is so much more than just a rotisserie. the complimentary olives, focaccia and home made spread already made my evening before i even ordered! i only took a starter w side and a dessert, which was enough for me. the prawns i ordered were really good and my grilled veggies on the side were nicely seasoned and super crisp! for desert i ordered the chocolate lava cake which i really enjoyed too. ambiance is good as well, i went here on a monday evening and it was pretty busy! would definitely come back to this place! in my pursuit of the best rotisserie chicken ever, tonight (and at least at this very moment) i think i've found the one. this spot, featured in the michelin guide, takes the cake for the 'best dinner i've ever had' - i'm talking life changing! it features a flaming wall grill for their rotisserie chicken and spare ribs that are caramelized to a crisp! the pre meal bread service even has me second guessing the best bakeries i've tried in rome! and the dessert paired with award winning neiss riesling is literally to die for! everything from the christmas ambiance, warm holiday decor, the service and food was top notch! best meal i had during my visit to berlin... best dinner i've had to date! great service to start and the food was excellent! nice comfortable atmosphere in trendy upscale setting. i highly recommend this restaurant really good food-- not a huge variety but everything they have seems to be really solid options. we got chicken, roast pork ribs, sides... house red wine was delicious. great place to spend a dinner evening. this spot was so good we ended up dining twice during our visit to berlin. my best and only advice is to order the bbq ribs, that's really all you need to know! totally amazing.they have an english menu and the staff are nice, though we did notice the level of service on our second trip was a bit lacking, potentially because it was towards the end of the night (eg. we had to ask for silverware, etc.). the restaurant itself is intimate and warm, plus it's in a great location with outdoor seating which was great for summer.while it is on the more expensive side, the food is really worth it. oh, and i'd also suggest booking a reservation online as it seems to get quite busy, and the restaurant isn't very big. rotisserie weingrn is a very nice place to enjoy some grilled food. the decor of the restaurant is very nice and the service was great. we went there for dinner and enjoyed a great meal. they have classic grilled dishes on the menu as well as a platter to share. the quality of the food is excellent and the wine list is great. try the horcher gold sptburgunder, it actually comes from their own winery and is very good for the price. i will certainly be back there. really enjoyed my meal here, and it was only a 10 minute walk from my hotel - john f arcotel. great location and literally just across a bridge. the only crappy thing was it was 10 degrees outside and a lot of snow on the ground. bbq definitely is the answer when you're hankering for a warm meal!the ambiance of this place is very warm and lodge-y but trendy. the menu is extensive and they have a nice selection of wine. i appreciated that the menu explained the quality of the meat and where it came from. it really enhances the visibility of the farm to table effort.i started with the tasty complimentary focaccia bread and a glass of wine. i had a huge delicious seasonal citrus salad with nuts and greens. my main dish was the bbq ribs which were ginormous. what is it with berliners? how can you eat so much?? the waitress was very nice and even tried to convince me that i needed to order potatoes on the side. i barely finished half of my ribs and was asked if i didn't enjoy them.sorry, i can only eat so much. best to bring someone with you to help you finish your food since there's no such thing as takeout for leftovers! sadness. now everytime i think of berlin, i think of the delicious tender ribs that i couldn't finish and were likely thrown out. one of my favorite restaurants in all of berlin! the meats are smoked to perfection, very tender, and well cooked. the ham and horseradish appetizer is delicious. i recommend the shared platter if you are in a group as it gives good flavors of most of their specialties. very extensive wine list and nice decor. feels very classy, also has english menu and most waiters speak some english. culinary highlight of my visit to berlin. great atmosphere and presentation, and everything they serve was absolutely amazing. the focaccia served before ordering was the best i've ever had. every wine, grown and produced for them in southern germany, was astounding. and yet the prices are less than other restaurants that don't even come close. don't miss it.	0	0	1	0	1
 nicely tucked away in corner - great for a quiet evening. ordered the schnitzel hunter style and flying kangaroo - both are amazing.great ambience and very affordable. i had a pretty good experience at elefant. after finding this place (due to yelp reviews) i had no trouble getting seated or waited upon. actually the place was fairly empty, maybe as it was a tuesday night at 9 pm. however, the service was fast and friendly - nothing like some of the negative reviews i've read. my waiter was quick to seat me where i wanted and to take my order. food service was fast - perhaps due to the slow evening, but i can't be sure. i had jgerschnitzel (i think hunter's schnitzel on the english menu). it came out hot and tasty, with a great mushroom gravy (per the particular dish). sides included some fried potato things (short, fried prepared looking potatoes) and a small salad. the schnitzel really satisfied; just what i wanted from a german restaurant. there were many schnitzel options, so if you are craving schnitzel this may be a good spot to land. i'd like to return and try some more. the only downer for me was a lack of ambiance. it resembles a sports bar to me. some cheesy lighting and elephant decor. to me the setting doesn't match, but it didn't really bother me. the food here is basic and pretty good. the place has a sleek and modern look. the staff is pleasant. english menu, with many different kinds of schnitzel, which might be a little gimmicky, but i don't think you can go wrong if you order their special thing. we went during off hours, and it was empty. i would recommend doing that for any popular restaurant in berlin. it's annoying when people complain, about any place, that the place was packed and they got stiffed a little by slow service. really great little spot in downtown berlin for a quick authentic german lunch. most of us went with the schnitzel (so good), but also the liver was amazing and these guys don't skimp on a very large cheese plate. tomato soup was also really good.but, highlight was the schnitzel. pork - or veal if you choose - and ample portions with a about 15 varieties to choose from.really great service and also a variety of beverages and great german beers.seemed like a friendly spot and would definitely come back. had the schnitzel with bernaise sauce - it was huge ! the meat was very tender. and while the server wasn't very friendly, i attribute that to a language barrier. but it was pretty good food. was really excited to get some weinerschnitzle, like i've had 100s of times but better, but this was not that. the meat was half-assed pounded, poor darker meat cut, the breeding sloughing off the finished product and burnt underneath. waiter was ok, decent english, expected a tip though wasn't that attentive. waste of time and money. big portions and friendly staff! great place to eat schnitzel! i recommend to anyone hungry in berlin and craving some german food. my fam bam and i recently visited berlin and searched yelp for german food... cuz when in germany....the closest and highest rated hit was elefant.the servers were very patient with my crazy family and suggested the pork knuckle which was awesome! my pal got what he referred to as the best schnitzel he tasted in eastern europe. there was definitely a bit of a language barrier but the menu was in english and my family applauded my yelp pick! on a side note that matters very little to me but probably won't be the right choice for some crazy bible thumping religious zealot (take your neggie vibes elsewhere please) visiting berlin: i'm not sure if it's located in a gay district or happens to be a cluster of gay friendly businesses but yeah, it's a an amazing restaurant run by gay dudes with awesome food and nice people. nuff said. great service!! first time in berlin from california. loved the schnitzel - so many different preparations of it! yummy apple strudel and baileys irish coffee. awesome food - schnitzel selections that make choosing difficult. loved the food, the service, the friendly waitstaff and owners. love a place where the people are happy to work there and the food shows it. i had the schnitzel with horseradish and my partner had the schnitzel bearnaise mit pomme frite. cooked to perfection. strudel (and a couple of jaegermeisters) put the bow on an awesome evening. their specialty is schnitzel, but they have some other choices as well. the appetizer bread with what tasted like a potato salad spread was a great start. service was super friendly despite our waiter not speaking very good english. highly recommended! excellent food and excellent service. we came here twice and enjoyed both times. i'm almost sad we are leaving soon and couldn't have eaten here more. chris was our server both times and was informative and professional. cheers. the atmosphere was open, friendly, and entertaining. a joy to be there.....and then there was the food. an almost mind blowing variety of schnitzel and it was "sehr lecker" (very delicious). all around, a wonderful place and i would head back if i were in town. my buddy and i ended up at elefant after a few hours of walking around berlin, late one friday night, looking for a place to eat. everywhere was booked up, even elefant, too! but, when we walked in, they offered us seating outside and we happily accepted. there were even some blankets out (as it was early april, and quite chilly). the gentleman helping us was clearly bogged down inside with tables, but still managed to run outside and take care of us, without seeming impatient or rude. he spoke english and made it very easy for us to enjoy the dinner. if i remember correctly, i think they had an english menu too. even though it took a little while for the food to come out, and we were starving, neither of us could finish our dishes. they were both delicious and decadent and just amazing. it was sort of by happenstance that we ended up coming here, but i'm really happy we did! we went for lunch because the night before we didn't want to wait an hour to eat as it was already 9 o'clock. luckily, there were plenty of tables in the afternoon. the waiter was friendly and patient. we had the goulash soup, the cheese plate and the beef roulade. we were given a complimentary bread and dip before all the aforementioned were served. everything was great, i did enjoy the roulade although it may have been a tad dry, but the potato dumplings and cabbage were great. we would've liked to have tried the apple stroudel with ice cream, but we just didn't have room for it. had to take much of the cheese plate to go. i loved the cheese plate, it's enough for four people. reasonable prices with nice outdoor seating if you can get it. i was craving schnitzel and german goulash. found this restaurant near me and decided to give it a try. i tried the goulash hear, it was enjoyable and that's why i have it the three stars, but i don't believe it to be the best i've tried in my visit to berlin. the service was ok, the atmosphere during lunch time was dead, we were the only ones. don't regret going, but wouldn't go again unless it's to try the schnitzel that is supposedly their speciality. this place is not for the weak at heart ("stomach" is more relevant in this case). don't come here unless you are starving like you have been on a hunger strike for the past 18 years of your life. don't try to overachieve and order 5 items from the menu because there will be instant regret followed by a case of food-coma, food-itis, food-phobia. the food is here intimidatingly large and quite delicious.schnitzels galore! this place has more creative schnitzels than an art museum has paintings. the choices are overwhelming and so difficult that i had to close my eyes and point. i ended up with the "hawaiin" with ham, pineapples and cheese. the meat is so large it almost had to be carried out in a stretcher! i struggled mightily but ultimately (through an unwavering strength within) emerged triumphant as i polished off this plate fit for a family. i even had to endure the wrath of a delicious goulash along the way. my gf however didn't fare so well. unfortunately, she was unable to finish her salad (with all the vegetables from an entire farm). though the grilled chicken in it was delicious!this is an awesome place with great food and great service. ultimately, i am going to deduct a star because i have had slightly better (more tender) schnitzels compared to this place. however, i wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place at all if you are looking for great eats! awesome restaurant right down the street from our hotel! found some good reviews on yelp and decided to give it a shot and wow! so glad we did:) first time trying schnitzel and it was sooooooo great! i started with a few beers, potato soup and the swiss style schnitzel and my girl got some prosecco, onion soup and the hawaii schnitzel and it was all to die for!!! so much food for a reasonable price! 48 euro for all of this! we left extremely happy and would be delighted to stop in again if passing by! this is a great place. it has an english and german menus. i ordered the goulash which had tons of meat and twisted great. the i had the schnitzel vienna style. i was really good as well. they gave me some true german potato salad and a salad. it all was great. the guy at the table behind me had the schnitzel hunter style and loved it as well. there is an inside and an outside sitting area. this place is in the gay area so you will see a lot of flags in the area. it is highly recommended. best meal i had on my entire trip. though i'm not the biggest fan of german food i thoroughly enjoyed the dishes we got. i got the pork loins with onion and mashed potatoes and my sister got the breakfast plate shnitzel (wolstein). the pork was juicy and flavorful and the mashed potatoes were fluffy. the breakfast plate is amazing if you love shnitzel. every time i visit berlin i come here. the service is fast and friendly. they cater well to a tourist crowd. the food is always fanatic. excellent! great prices and delicious food. worth a visit! the swiss schnitzel was amazing. it was so big it was almost hanging off the plate. service was very attentive. this is a nice place with good service and a great potato soup! :)they are open late and offer lots of schnitzel kinds! i hate going to touristy restaurants and was in berlin for work and ended up with a free night. not speaking a word of german but tired of being cramped in the hotel, i did my yelping and tried eledant at 10pm on a sunday night (not many options open then!) and wow. i was a woman traveling alone but felt very safe walking over and the staff was great. i was seated at a table and brought an english menu - very varied menu. i opted for the veal schnitzel hunter style (mushroom sauce) and it came out quickly and was just what i needed after a long day! my schnitzel came with courgettes or as i like to calm them "amazing german tater tots" and a side salad. the mushroom sauce was amazing with a great bourbon flavor. the dos and a large pilsner plus the 19% tax came to less than 20 euro and the environment was very friendly. i was one of the few women in the place but everyone was very friendly and i would gladly eat here again! excellent food. the schnitzel was phenomenal. they have so many choices i wish i could try them all. the menus are in english and the staff speak well too. i'll definitely be back. first time here, the wife discovered it on a yelp search... bloody well done, the food is excellent as is the service. the decor is ok.... but it's modern art and i don't understand art so i'm told.there is a great selection of schnitzel (pork steak in breadcrumbs..... mmmmmmm). i had the swiss style one...... good size, and tasted gorgeous.the wife had the beef goulash which was as good as mum used to make, a recommendation if ever i heard one from a german.there are menus in english should you need one and the staff speak passable english. overall an excellent evening meal in great surroundings, i will come again on my next visit to the brother in laws in berlin. this is a great local restaurant serving quality german food. the decor and ambience is just right. the staff are excellent. there are no issues for english speaking guests as they have menus in english and the staff speak very good english. there are lots of schnitzel options on the menu - all look delicious. and there are other menu selections as well. very reasonable prices. if you are visiting and staying nearby i highly recommend a visit. you won't be disappointed and you won't leave hungry. excellent german food in a casual atmosphere with great service. we loved the goulash soup,the potato soup and there are many excellent styles of schnitzel !!!! i went there because of yelp and i think yelpers missed an important information: it's a bar-restaurant. you get all the atmosphere of a bar, but they have a restaurant menu and so. it's really nice if you are looking for something like that, plus, the food is good and the price is fair. however, it's not that nice if you are not looking for a bar. i don't recommend it for people who are travelling alone and just want to have dinner (like i was). i guess they usually don't even cater for people like that. when i asked for a table, one of the owners said that i could just sit at the bar. i understand it, since the place was busy and tables were obviously for more than one person, but sitting at the bar is not really the best option for someone who wants to have dinner. at least the owner who was taking care of the bar was really kind.summing up: if you are looking for good food and the atmosphere of a bar, go there and you won't regret! if you are single person looking for a calm restaurant, it's better to check other options.* i give it 4 stars taking into consideration that they are a nice bar-restaurant, it was just not what i was looking for. even so i enjoyed the food.* as someone said, it's a gay friendly bar, don't go there if you are close-minded. it's unfortunate i feel compelled to leave a 1 star review. it's actually quite rare for me to do so. however, my experience with our server last night at elefant left a lot to be desired. i very nicely asked him for the guest wifi password (since there was clearly a network labeled for guests), only to have him snap at me like crazy. his demeanor was completely unacceptable and beyond rude. had it not been for the horribly unprofessional and nasty waiter, i would have given 4 stars as the food was decent and the ambience was nice. it's too bad really as i'll now tell everyone i know not to frequent this establishment.	1	1	1	0	1
 really, absolutely amazing burger. we were seated immediately, served nicely and fast. the burgers were outstanding and the fries to die for. pretty good! burgers are huge, fries are great, waitstaff was great too. go with medium rare and order the breakfast burger with cheddar! i was a bit skeptical to try this place being from new york, and they describe themselves as a new york style bar, but i came here anyway based off a friends recommendation. i was happily surprised to find a good selection of burgers with fun names. i ordered the bbq burger and it was a bit too greasy, but overall it was pretty good! i have to commend them on changing it up by using english muffins as buns because it actually works!i do say though, i would pass on the fries if you come here because they were pretty soggy. otherwise this is a solid place for burgers and i would recommend a visit if you're in the area (but i would not go out of my way for this.) whatever you do, do not get the napalm wings, because by wing #3 you may experience pulmonary hypertension-- always go for the normal spicy option. anyway, their burgers here are the best-- they have a great selection and their meals are huge so you won't go hungry. i really enjoy their bbq sauce they use on the burgers and the breakfast burger with the egg sunny side up! it's a must try location when you're in berlin for sure. i love this place. it feels like home, but not necessarily like ny, really. definitely an american themed/style bar with awesome food, but not kitschy at all. this place is legit. pro-tip: read the menu!!! it's worth it. i order "da birdhouse" burger and it's my favorite. i come here every time i'm in berlin. hands down the best burger i've ever eaten. i ordered 'da birdhouse' for a very reasonable 12.50 when you consider the huge portion size. my double burger patty came served in an english muffin dripping with cheese and a mountain of skinned fries and i mean a mountain. i had mine medium which is recommended and the meat was tender, juicy and flavoursome and i don't know what they put in the cheese but it's terrific.  i demolished my burger with my hands (the quirkily written menu insists you at least try) and ate my side salad but sadly couldn't get through all the chips, though i really did try.  staff are so friendly and give great service even though it's packed. the decor is nice with wooden benches, tables and a bar. the only downsides were the wait (which was 50 minutes), however it was a very busy lunchtime and the toilets, which weren't great and the smell from the men's hits you as soon as you go down the stairs. that's the only reason i'm giving 4 stars in stead of five. i would highly recommend this place to any burger or steak loving individual! they also have vegetarian options but only two. if i'm ever in berlin again i am definitely coming back for a repeat performance! the place was lively and packed and our food came out in record speed, however, our frys were cold my burger had been cooked earlier and left to sit until it was tough and cold. a day later i am still sick with a mild case of food poisoning. i would not recommend this restaurant and it was very expensive for buying a side of salmonella. only been to this location. i love it!usually 7 different servers will serve you throughout your meal, which i am not a fan of. but the food is so good.we chose the birdhouse which is full of good stuff.i added an egg which made it brunchy-ish. yum.they got our orders wrong once and overcooked the burgers as well, but that was one time out of 5 other succesfull visits.wings are awesome! wish they had milkshakes like a proper american burger place.i love the fries, and the meat is very good. not a fan of the 'bun'. but you must leave room for cheesecake. and i don't even like cheesecakes but omg.google translate de-nur einmal an diesem ort. ich liebe es!normalerweise 7 verschiedene server werden sie whrend ihrer mahlzeit dienen, die ich bin kein fan von. aber das essen ist so gut.wir whlten die voliere, die voll von guten sachen ist.ich fgte hinzu, ein ei, das es brunchy-ish gemacht. yum.sie haben unsere bestellungen falsch einmal und verkocht die burger als gut, aber das war eine zeit von 5 anderen succesfull besuche.flgel sind super!wnschen sie milkshakes wie eine richtige amerikanische burger platz hatte.ich liebe die pommes, und das fleisch ist sehr gut. ich bin kein fan der 'brtchen'. aber sie mssen raum fr ksekuchen verlassen. und ich wei nicht einmal, wie ksekuchen , aber omg. this place is awesomely kstlich (that's delicious for you non-german speaking yelpers). probably second on my all-time best burger list. the burger on an english muffin has changed me forever. now it's all we do at home when grilling out. the burgers are huge, so be prepared to get messy. should you go? ja! not impressed. the waitress was unfriendly and impatient. one burger came out dripping in grease, mixed w the muffin on top, it was a soggy and mushy mess. the other burger was bland and over-cooked. the 3 stars are for the atmosphere and sauces (white bbq and blue cheese). they saved the fries. the wings were strangely sweet and tangy, not spicy like we ordered them, with way too much sauce. the chicken wings were tough w a super bland fried batter. never would i go here, nor recommend it, unless your desperate and it's the only place that's open on that side of town. the mall of berlin food court had better burgers for half the price. i have been a "bird" customers since they opened in 2005 or 6. a bad 2.5 hour table policy, are the grounds for losing me. good hamburgers, but , i booked a table via "open table" where a note stated we only get the table for 2.5 hrs. after 1.45 hrs. the hostess came and said, we have to leave in 15 minutes, (2hrs) i mentioned my open table confirmation, she said, well blah blah under 10 people only get 2 hr. .... i suggested they get there app and helper websites get updated on the "rules" for us eating their food and sitting at their tables, me, i am done, with the bird,. unfair, not reliable. great burgers! make a reservation to make sure you get a table. i ordered the filthy harry (bacon and cheddar) without the bun but they got it wrong and it was served without bacon. instead of having fries they offered me caesar salad which was very nice. i would recommend going for medium instead of medium-rare if you are sensitive to red meat. my friend couldn't finish her portion so i helped her. the staff is very nice and helpful. came here for nye with my friend and brother. it was such a fun time! anna was our bartender/server and she's an absolute darling. the menu is cheeky and hilarious (you'll see). we started off with wings plus napalm sauce, which was crazy bananas hot. like i legit wept tears. you have to get the burgers when you're here. i got "da birdhouse" - medium rare. pretty solid. last but not least, drink all the beers. c'est tout! oh and this place is cash only! we had had curry dogs and goulash, so when my daughter-in-law said we had to have a hamburger i figured it would be a typical german restaurant that she had in mind--but no--not at all...but it was one of the best burgers i have ever had. we walked from our hotel and it was a lot further than we thought but when we got there we were so happy! we came in and the hostess asked us if we had reservations... reservations at a burger joint? who does that? well they do and that is the best tip that i can give you. call or email. (they take email reservations from out of the country, wow!)she told us they were booked through 11pm. i thought that meant for the night, but i guess they close at midnight... my daughter-in-law said she had to eat here, so she went to talk to the hostess. she finally said if we came back in a half hour or so, she would seat us. we went to the mexican restaurant on the corner and had a drink (g & ts came with pineapple instead of lime--lime seemed to be in short supply throughout czech republic and germany. the margarita looked more like a martini but was rather good...)they sat us soon after we came back. our waiter was from england and she had a great sense of humor and the food was to die for. everyone chose a different burger and my husband had chili and cheese on his fries as well. we ordered a pitcher of dark wheat beer and a bottle of brooklyn ipa for me. they had a fun, interesting beer list and an amazing burger list.it was a truly fun night and i am glad my daughter-in-law was persistent. (we took a taxi back to the hotel then probably walked as far backwards looking for a bar called g & t that ended up being closed for a private party. we worked off the burgers anyhow, lol.)if you come to berlin, this place should be on your list, but definitely call or email for a reservation well in advance. this was the first of 3 burgers i had in 5 days in berlin (fatty i know). it was a good burger, not great. the portion of chips was huge, i genuinely struggled with this meal which is really saying something. i left very full as i ended up helping emily with hers...(again fatty i know) the place itself is very cool. had some good music on, a great atmosphere and nice chatty staff. if i lived in berlin i would probably go here regularly, treat it like i treat the beagle in chorlton. by the same measure, although i enjoyed it, if i was to go back to berlin, i wouldn't make an effort to go back. tastes good, loved casual atmosphere. i had bbq burger and my husband had da birdhouse. both are tasty and the fries are not much crispy but good enough. we didn't make a reservation and had a bar seats in about 5 min of waiting on wednesday 7:30pm. reservation is highly recommended when you want to have a table seats. we had a party of 10 and they forgot one of our order so that person had to watch everyone eat for 20 minutes before starting his own. the place also doesn't take credit card so be forewarned that it can be a pain if you need to pay for a large party. bring a huge wad of cash, preferably rolled up in rubber bands for dramatic effect. as for the food, it is alright. average american style burger without the proper buns, so the meat and veggie content slide ever which way as you chom through it. not a good place for a first date probably unless you want to impress your date by wearing your food. this place is burger heaven. tried two different burgers here on two separate visits - and both were beyond incredible. the patty was probably over an inch thick, and cooked exactly as i requested both times. be aware if you like your burgers well done like i do, they'll resist a bit, but they'll honor your request. and honestly, even well done, their burgers have tons of flavor.i think the bird wins the prize for the best burger of all time - at least in my burger experiences so far.atmosphere is a pub-like very casual vibe, with indoor seating, and some outdoor tables. they also serve some great beers.this place gets really busy, although fortunately, i didn't have to wait on either visit.i highly recommend this place if you appreciate an awesome burger. let me tell you a secret. i don't like burgers. in the us everyone tried to get me into it and i was just meh. maybe it's because i like gobbling down my food like some savage, and a burger is just gone with a couple bites, no matter how condensed those are, so i'm not really forced to enjoy it.so when my new boss - who eats for two, but no vegetables, and spicier than anyone i encountered in thailand, india or china - invited the team there, i was skeptical. i ended up liking it. and the napalm sauce he ordered was just... what. my mouth went numb and i started drooling. that should be illegal.anyway, he ended up inviting us again and this second time i was like "gee this is really good. like, deliciously awesome.".so yeah, long story short, this place made me like burgers. twist though: any other place i've tried since did not cut it. only the bird delivers. weird right? i think it's just that good. maybe it's just me, though.oh and for the record, i ordered their avocado-themed burgers, rare, and chili cheese fries. it has been a long since i've ate a burger as good as the one from the bird. just outstanding! besides the perfect burger, the staff working there is just amazing!! couldn't find best words to describe them! i am a fan of this place, despite their burgers not being the best in berlin. the atmosphere here is very relaxed and 'berlin esqe', everyone drinking, eating and chatting away without a care in the world. our server here was pretty awesome. she was from london originally so she spoke english, and also gave us free jager shots after our meal! our food came out in a timely manner, all our orders were right and their fries were homemade!!! so on to the burger, they cook them to order, serve them on an english muffin (weird, but good idea i thought) which forces you to focus on the meat quality not the bread. also does not fill you up on bread, instead on the meat and fries. i ordered my burger medium and it came out a bit too rare for me (not sure if this hurt the chances of this burger being number one, but i think not).  their meat is freshly grinded they said, and seems to taste different then other burger meats, but at a medium rare ish temperature i did not find it to be awesome, just good. many people said this was the 'locals best burger place in berlin,' and although i will agree we were the only 'non locals' i would not go here for the burgers again, but the beer. they have a great selection of beer from other places which i think livens up their menu of meats only.so to sum it up, atmosphere is an a +, burgers are a b-, fries are an a, service is an a+, which overall makes this place a good hangout but not a favorite for me burgerwise. i had such high expectations for this place but i was just simply not blown away by this place especially with all the reviews and the line. i had the gonazales burger which came with a huge burger patty, guacamole, salsa verde (but it really wasn't even there), on top of an english muffin, which was different. the meat was good quality and i ordered it medium rare but it wasn't cooked to that standard and the meat was, to be honest, just flat out plain and unflavored. not to mentioned the guacamole was also tasteless so altogether, the burger was just a pretty tasteless combination of good quality meat. in addition, there was no real juiciness from the patty that was expected. honestly, didn't think it was worth the hype :/ for sure you cannot miss this famous burger place, i very much like the tasty burgers especially the filthy harry is my favorite! a friend also loves the steak, atmosphere is quite rough but very hip - you will meet probably less germans here compared to the rest of berlinif you want to book a table, try to email them- i always have difficulties with the phone this is my favorite burger. i don't care what anyone says. i have eaten burgers all over the world and this is my happy place. i came here once three years ago and have dreamed about it since; came back recently and it was just as i remembered. i have to imagine that people who don't like it either went to other locations (i wouldn't take any chances) or just have different preferences.this burger is juicy. falls apart while you eat it. i get "da birdhouse" and it's just big and drippy and delicious. you just have to grab it buy the hands and get your face all the way up in it. open wide because it's big! expect it all over your face and hands and just enjoy it uninterrupted (i would suggest going solo or with someone else who is similarly sensual for this reason). they keep a roll of paper towels on the table for that reason, so don't be afraid.get it with a draft beer and just chill out. believe me when i say i'm jealous of anyone about to eat this! im in love with the bird! the meat and the fries! think it's the best burger in berlin so fare :) the pictures speak for themselves. there's so much i could say about the bird, but i'll keep it short:1) if you think you can handle the napalm wings, think again. they allow you to get a side of napalm sauce instead, so do that if you're feeling adventurous.2) you can "pimp" the fries that come with your burger by adding chili to them but it's a ton of food, so share the love.3) if you order a burger medium, it will come medium well.4) our waitress gave us free shots because she was impressed that we could finish everything we ordered. but then again, we're used to american portions.5) if you like jalapenos, then i highly recommend the big rock. i've heard a lot of praise for the bird since i moved to berlin but when i finally went there myself tonight i was underwhelmed. the atmosphere is good and it is perfect for large groups. the music was great! you definitely leave smelling like grease but that's okay by me. service was attentive and friendly. i had the hot wings as a starter and they were quite tasty. probably the best wings i have had in berlin thus far. they were coated in sauce but weren't soggy. i really liked the sauce; it tasted kind of like bbq sauce and had a nice level of heat, although i think the hot could be a little hotter. my husband had the napalm wings and he was sweating - and loving it. as far as the burgers go, i just wasn't impressed. the menu offerings weren't creative at all; just your standard options like cheese, bacon, guac, bleu cheese, etc. i'm used to burger joints in berlin having really exciting toppings like peanut butter, pineapple, gorgonzola, curry sauce - fun stuff! maybe the bird is trying to be "american" but even in the states we love a creative burger! it seemed that the high cost of the burgers (10+) must come from the absurdly large patty, not the toppings. i had the big rock and was pretty disappointed with the lackluster execution. i guess i'm just not a fan of huge burger patties. they're hard to eat and hard to cook properly, which is probably why my medium burger was well done on the outside and the center was raw. the gigantic patties seem like a gimmick to me. i would prefer a wider, thinner patty that can be cooked evenly. i thought the english muffin bun was nice, although the bottom half did become a soggy mess. the cheese on my burger was cut way too thick so it didn't even melt! no one likes cold hard cheese on their burger. :( it had fresh "jalapeos" but i'm not sure they were real because they were tiny, paper thin & hardly spicy. overall my burger didn't have much taste and was a big let down. i wanted so badly to jump on the bird bandwagon and love their over priced burger as much as everyone else! but i can't. there are so many other burger restaurants that are cheaper, have more interesting menus, and where i've never been disappointed with the quality. if i ever go back i will probably stick to eating wings, they were the highlight of my meal. really nice and juicy burgers. if you really should give some constructive critisism, then i would prefer the fries to be more crispy, but they are homemade. this is a very attractive restaurant in a convenient location with a really friendly staff. the portions are huge! so i ordered the turkey club which was really delicious with a great turkey, crisp bacon and nice tomato. we also got "da birdhouse" burger which was huge! two juicy patties with american cheese and a mountain of fries. the english muffin it is served on is a surprise but worked really well and stood up to the enormous burger and toppings. the fries were a mix of skinny steak fries and wedges which meant that some were soggy and some were over cooked.as a bonus the pickles were dill and not sweet! food poisoning. i went there yesterday, september 6th at 5pm and had called in my order 20mins before arriving in hopes it would be complete. we ended up waiting an additional 30 mins.i ordered a medium rare bird house (mine) along with some mild wings and 2 other bird houses (medium).i ate the burger and some hours later was throwing up, aches, pains, dizziness. the doctor confirmed it was food poisoning. take care if you go to the bird. i will not return and neither will my friends.	0	1	1	0	1
 excellent thai. just fantastic. some of the most tender and flavorful chicken and beef my gf and i have ever tried (and we live in nyc and eat standout thai regularly). caipirinhas we're top notch also. food was excellent. well prepared. bursting with flavors. good sized portions. sat outside in back, nice area. service, though, needs attention. drink order mixed up, had to request correct drink several times before it was brought. sharing all food between 4 people, plates should have been brought to each of us, had to request it. so, balance tasty well seasoned and prepared food against spotty service. would i return? yes. if you are hungry and should be as happy to be nearby alexanderplatz, you have to go and eat here. it's not right at the alexanderplatz, you have to ride the cable car for two stops. but it's definitely worth the ride. my airbnb-landlord suggested it to me, because all of their sublettees tell her how well it is and their are dawn right. when i got there, i even saw some cologne youtubers sit there and eat. now about atmosphere and the food: i was there in summer and they have quite a big terrace to sit at. still, all seats were taken (all the other restaurants nearby were empty). we were five people, so usually it's not easy to be seated if the place is so busy. but... after waiting in the queue for five minutes, we could sit down. these guys are really attentive. at another table, some guys tried to sit down where other people left and thus would safe some waiting time. but the waiters immediately told them to stand up and stand in line like everyone else. i've never seen before that waiters are so attentive. the food was really delicious and served in way you just wanted to eat it right away. there are soups, dishes with rice or noodles as basis and the food as such tasted really genuine. the very special thing: self-made drinks and smoothies make every dish even a little bit more special. hands down, this is some of the best thai food i've ever had. for our appetizer, we ordered veggie spring rolls with this delicious sweet and sour sauce. i also had the fried rice with chicken skewers and it came with a delicious peanut sauce that was life changing! the ambience of the restaurant is modern and relaxing, and the staff was friendly. located in the heart of mitte,this thai joint delivers qualitythai quick fast and in a hurry.i had the nasi goreng andmy partner had the crispyfried chicken with red curry.both dishes complimented by fresh mojitos. the mintand lime in the cocktailscombined to create a thaitaste that lingered on the tongue whilst cleaning the pallet. a sensory experiencesecond to none.good time=good food.p.s. the 'open kitchen' is a thaitrademark and should becomestandard. i was pleasantly surprised when i walked in; greeted with very friendly staff. they spoke german and english and although we had no reservation, they arranged a table for 7 in no time.the place is often crowded. it has very nice tropical-inspired decor; which is complemented with the also tropical-inspired staff uniforms and dishes.the service is quick and the staff is well informed about what comes in the dishes they are offering.i would definitely recommend this place. my favorites were the following dishes:- lumpia sayur (spring rolls)- udang bawang (grilled prawns with garlic chili sauce)- sambal udang (stir fried prawns with sambal sauce)- egg fried rice- fried noodles- there is a side entrance that could be used for wheelchair users this place reminds me of p.f. chang's: big and spacious environment/semi-fancy dimly lit atmosphere, and great food -- although not authentic asian food if that's what you're looking for. more asian fusion that slightly leans more on the thai food emphasis. after all, i did have the gai sam rod from the chicken section of the menu (crispy chicken with pineapple, water chestnuts, snap peas, and peppers in sweet and sour and spicy sauce), but they did have less americanized options.their portions are pretty big, and the prices are slightly above average. however, i think they make up for it in the food presentation (beautiful!) and the nice ambiance.i didn't think service was slow, but we did go past the lunch rush around 1:30 pm. they also don't mind serving tap water if you ask. if you're looking for a place with tasty asian fusion food in a nice atmosphere, i would definitely come here! it's a good time. (ha.) food: the food was delicious but not spectacular. the portions were rather small, so if you are hungry i recommend to order at least 3 dishes for two people. we've ordered the papaya salad, pad thai with shrimps, a curry dish and the ribs. the curry dish and papaya salad needed more flavour (e.g. herbs). pad thai was good - not too oily nor to dry. the ribs were a bit disappointing- too dry and carelessly served. furthermore, they have self-made lemonade/drinks with fresh herbs and fruits in the summer that were refreshing and tasty - a must try.service: young team of servers that are friendly and easygoing.interior: chic and stylish decorated interior. the whole restaurant is equipped with dark furnishings and curtains that create a quiet and private atmosphere for each table.price: pricy compared to the quality and portions of the dishes. had the spicy minced beef stir fry with rice.  very spicy but i can handle it well.  hot and tasty, although a bit oily.  havn't tried other things on the menu yet, but will do next time. german pf chang's but more expensive, slow, and bland. if you're in mitte, it's okay in a pinch but really best avoided. take the train for ten minutes and eat somewhere better. thai food in the us is much better. walked by good time and was curious because of the, not a lot of traffic out front and from the front two windows we thought ok, it's a small restaurant and only half of it was full so we decided to try and my friend wasn't to sure. but we walked the place was a buzz and there was another whole back section completely full and we didn't have a reservation, but they found us a table. and i was so so glad we stopped in. by far the best thai food in berlin. i will return every time i'm in berlin. excellent food! there was a group of 6 of us and all our dishes, from duck, curry, beef were super tasty. even though it was a wednesday night, the place was a full house. thankfully we made reservations. the reason why i did not score higher is because of the service. they were very eager to make money but with 6 people, they only offered 2 bowls of rice. ofcourse once we asked for it, they gave us another bowl. perhaps it's better not to waste, which is why they put our less? most thai restaurants are with the mom-and-pop variety: it isn't swanky, and there are plenty of thai royalty decor adorning the walls. this one is more thai-inspired asian fusion. if you were looking for the authentic thai-restaurant-where-thai-people-go experience, then this isn't the place to go. go to dao restaurant near savignyplatz instead (yelp.com/biz/dao-restaur). that being said, i think one can still enjoy this place given the right mindset. this is one of the more swanky bring-a-date sort of place, though the interior can be a little loud.i ordered a pad kee mao (no. 29), and what came out was something totally different from the pad kee mao i was expecting. i was expecting a noodle dish that is very spicy, complete with thai herbs and peppers, but what came out was a duck dish with the same spices, but the noodles were relegated down to being a side ingredient, not a main ingredient. and it now comes with rice. so, instead of a pad kee mao, i got a "pad kee mao". i originally thought i'd give it 3 stars. but once i fixed my mindset, i upped it to 4. after all, there's nothing bad in going to a thai-inspired fusion restaurant. besides, it's not like they're claiming to be authentic. bottomline, if you want to go to a restaurant where thai people go, don't go here. but if you want to feel a little swanky while eating thai-inspired cuisine, then by all means go here. the foods are very good but the drinks are little expensive. nice location but inside is too laud. interesting place. the food is tasty. would recommend this place without hesitation. sitting out on the sidewalk is quite pleasant, especially in the late afternoon. average plus. the service is good. prices a bit expensive. the dishes were interesting went with two couples on a sunday evening. the place was well visited but not packed. despite that the service was inattentive. it took ages for the occasional waiter to show up and our meals arrived separately over a period of 10 minutes. we skipped deserts after it caused the waitress by surprise that after she collected the plates and never showed up again we dared to ask for a desert menu. clearly there is a problem with the employees' incentives. nevertheless, the food was actually quite good and so were the cocktails, but with that kind of service this place will not see us again anytime soon. damn good. will trek over here for this damn good kickn pad thai. best pad thai in berlin, although i had to take a star off because they downgraded their shrimp from superb quality to just ok. come to think of it, good service and layout too... in stark contrast to the freaky hostess with terrible service at my former #2 in pberg.all around, highly recommend. right off the bahn. we had a lovely meal sitting outside the restaurant under the umbrellas. we didn't arrive until after 10:30pm but the kitchen was still open. i had the extra spicy beef dish that was identified in menu with many chilli pepper icons. it was spicy as advertised and might be a too hot for european palettes. for my north american palette it was exactly what i was looking for. it was delicious, flavourful and the spice was not over powering. i loved it. just order a tiger beer to go with it. my wife is a vegetarian and she had a great selection to choose from. it was nice that we could find top notch choices for both of us for once. give it a try. we enjoyed ourselves. great pad thai and curry chicken dish. great value and casual dining considering it is in the touristy area. spare ribs for starters were a bit sweet for my taste but spring rolls and sauce were excellent. service was good and friendly. place was busy for a sunday night. would recommend it for anyone wanting something other than german food. my go to spot while in berlin. always consistent and a quick in/out without hassle. it's a little noisy hence only 4 stars. convenient to shopping, hotels and gendarmenmarkt. i have been here twice and both times it has been a great experience.easy and quick to order, lovely tasty food on offer, friendly service and everyone left happy.good times is now more or less my default place for a quick tasty work lunch when i am in berlin. excellent ambience!!!. very lively n peaceful. total thai experience and great food. looks expensive but very affordable! i was so surprised to find such a good thai restaurant in germany. the service was excellent, food came out fresh, fast and delicious. we ordered the pork belly, pad thai, pad see ew, red curry with some sort of meat, and their beer selection is great! their outdoor seating is usually reservations only and is super cute. this restaurant is msg free which i love. really glad we found this spot through yelp! i loved this place. i really like thai food so a coworker (german) recommended this place. we went as a decent size group with reservations. the place was packed! they have an open kitchen so you can watch them cooking which was how we defied we had to try the grilled prawns. we opted to sit outside under the tented area. only issue was after a few minutes it started to rain very hard and the tent ended up flooding! after a bit of comical drama we got moved inside. this place has a big range of asian dishes and in the end if got soup to start and 3 starters as my main dish. i had the coconut soup which was delicious. for my three starters i had then"duck in pajamas" which are basically a mini version of peking duck, the shrimp dumplings (i can't remember the exact name) and the grilled prawns. all of it was fresh and delicious. i will also say they make a great mojito! my friends all enjoyed their dishes which included some curries. i look forward to going again. definitely a "good" time! the napkins are folded like lotus flowers, you hate to unfold the art. duck in pajamas is a cold, room temperature dish. grilled shrimp sate tasty. minced chicken w basil, eggplant and beans excellent, so much so we ordered two. very crowded, a sign of deliciousness. we ordered the ducks in blanket as an appetizer which had a delicious and somewhat sweet sauce on them. the chicken and red curry dish was very good as well. it had a moderate amount of spiciness which was perfect for my western tastebuds. the menu had english translations for most items which made ordering much easier. i would definitely go back and try a few other dishes. this authentic thai restaurant definitely exceeded my expectations in food quality (i'm an american and have plenty of thai and have been pretty disappointed with the asian restaurants in berlin so far) - holy shit was the food good. i got the tum yum soup yo start which was delicious and slightly spicy with a big shrimp to boast. but what really blew me away was their fish entre, forgot the name buy last one on their seafood page and loved it entirely. came in a nice red sauce with seasoned sprouts, good serving for a big guy like me (120+ kilos) and would stack it up against some of the best thai i've had ever in general. on another note, the ambiance and decor is cool & classy with dim lighting and an open kitchen so you can watch the chefs cook as you wait for your meal. definitely recommend.-aaron the american unfortunately we did not have a "goodtime." service was slow and with attitude, even by european standards. the veggie spring rolls were slightly burned and came out before our drinks. my husband's order (pad thai, no tofu) came out with just tofu, and when corrected they forgot to make it spicy as he had specified. his water glass was dirty and when my husband asked about it, the response was "all our glasses are like that." weird because my glass was clean. my nori goseng was actually pretty good and a huge portion, and the ambience was really nice. too bad that so much else went wrong. don't waste your money here. a friend told me about this place, quite a while ago, and i only now just tried it. i have to say that it has been the best thai experience in berlin, so far. i tried the mussamun lamb from the daily specials. it was like no other mussamun i had ever tried before. it was served with sweet potatoe, lamb, raw purple onions, fresh raw ginger root and then the curry. the sauce was nice and thick, i didn't want it to finish. i will definitely return.	1	0	1	0	1
 this place is amazing! this restaurant is in marriott hotel where we stayed for 4 days. both the hotel and this restaurant are just perfect!! we'll definitely come once we're in berlin again we went to for lunch and our experience at the restaurant was ok.. the decor, seating and foods are good for the price. their services are poor. they did not come for ask for a drink after a while, they really do not know the size of your own desserts and menu and not so attentive even the restaurant were not so busy.22 thought this would be an easy, quick option to grab a bite after a day wandering. i've never had such slow and mediocre service in a hotel restaurant. no apologies, no acknowledgement of anything. even as a loyal marriott customer. i'd rate the food, but it honestly wasn't anything inspiring. learned my lesson--don't come here. the best steakhouse i visited in germany! i was so happy because it was in my hotel so i had a reliable dinner place to come 'home' to every night. great service and the food was spectacular! i'm a tourist in town, staying at the attached hotel. the ribeye was very disappointing for the price which is suggestive of a medium to high end steak house. despite being cooked appropriately, it was incredibly tough. difficult to cut and to chew and with a harshly grilled taste to it. frankly i've never had a medium rare steak that was so tough. i can only conclude that it's just a low quality of meat. recommend not going here and staying away from restaurants attached to hotels. i learned my lesson. ohh my. this place was fantastic!!! the steak selection was unbelievable and they were all cooked to perfection. the half lobster i added to my steak was to die for and so not enough. the fish menu was impressive too and deliciously seasoned and cooked. the side dishes were abundant in variety and delicious beyond words. dessert was to die for!!!the waiting staff was the most knowledgeable, helpful, amazing, and fun that we encountered in all of berlin during our short stay. they forgot/were late to bring out one of the dishes but not only fixed the mistake within 3 minutes but also offered a complimentary tea or coffee. oh and the check comes out with a complimentary mini grill and marshmallows....that alone would have won me over of i knew it in the beginning. not a single negative thing to say. completely worth the money (not cheap) for a delicious and delightful experience. we stumbled upon this little beauty while rambling around berlin and after checking out some of the other yelp reviews it was a no-brainer for us! it's technically part of the marriott hotel but you wouldn't really notice. it's really spacious inside and on a busy friday night we had no problem walking straight in to a table. the decor is simple and classy and there's an open kitchen in the middle with some chairs facing onto it. i love an open kitchen, i think it creates a nice atmosphere and that's probably one of the things that stood out for me here, there was a great vibe in the place, without it being too noisy or overly sophisticated.i opted for the rib-eye, with some chips and onion rings to share. also on the table was the spatchcock chicken which i'm told was delicious. portion sizes were really decent and the food was cooked beautifully. the way it was served was a little odd, on several smaller plates, and the green pepper sauce was a little too watery for my liking but apart from that everything was great. it's the little touches though that really made this place stand out for me. the dessert menu is actually written on postcards that you can fill in and they'll post home for you for free. also, when they bring out your bill it comes with a small fire pit with some marshmallows for toasting and some chocolate flakes...i don't think i've ever been as happy to see a bill come towards me! this place is a must-visit if you are looking for a really nice meal in berlin. comfy interior, we had a perfect table right at the window. the food was absolutely great. can highly recommend this restaurant! terrible service. been a marriott hotel the service is horrible. order a glass of wine took 20 minutes to get to the table. overpriced for berlin the south american steak mignon is highly recommended! argentinian malbec complement perfectly! located in the lobby of the berlin marriott, the midtown grill is the primary dining facility on the property. the other option is the catwalk bar, which we weren't able to try this time around. the restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, though we only tried the dinner service.  what is midtown grill? it's a good old american steakhouse... or is it? the prices are high and everything is ala carte, but the flavors are a little more varied. the service, however, is classic. the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, though not overbearing. so what did we have?  to start, you're served bread & spreads. unlike standard bread service, the bread was served in a basked and came with pesto, olive tapenade and one more spread that i can't remember. all were great and it was difficult to not fill up on the bread! next up was the appetizers. the wife opted to order the beef tartare, though i wasn't able to get a picture of it. she liked it just fine, though her selection surprised me. had to ask her to make sure she knew it was raw beef! for my appetizer, i ordered the foie gras with stewed fits. it was well balanced and delicious! the portion was also very generous. next up, our main dishes were served. the wife and i both ordered rib eyes. where we differed, however, was in our "toppings". the wife opted for soy sauce & wasabi, while i went the more traditional route with herbed butter and caramelized onions. while the steak arrive looking a little gray in kind of unappealing, they were perfectly cooked and quite tasty. for sides, the wife and i decided to order two and split them. for our starch, we ordered the double baked potato with chives, bacon and cheddar cheese. our other side was sauted mushroom medley. both sides were quite good, and while the potato was on the small side, it was very filling.for the finale, i was too full, so my wife ordered the creme brle. to our surprise, the creme brle was huge! ok, so it was shallow, but it was still a large amount of food and was quite good! did i mention that the dessert comes with a postcard to send home?ok, so i lied... the creme brle wasn't the finale. to our surprise, our bill was delivered with a treat! to send you on your way, the bill is brought to you on a tray containing a s'mores bar! this was a fun way to end the night to say the least. as a rule, i typical try not to eat in the hotel restaurant, as they are often overpriced and not that great. while the midtown grill is quite expensive (if memory serves me, we spent between $100-$200us), the service and food was quite good. it also appears to be a quite popular restaurant for the area and makes for a great splurge option, especially if the weather outside isn't cooperative. then again, there's also the ritz-carlton right across the street with its french restaurant as well! terrible and dishonest service. my filet was ok but nit warm enough, asparagus undercooked, and they made two major mistakes on my order and then one waitress lied to me to try to cover herself. i felt somewhat insulted. not worth the price at all. great atmosphere here due to the open kitchen. their steaks are extremely good and so are the sides. after you asked for the bill you'll get a little fire to roast a few marshmallows. the steak was amazing. the kitchen is open and you can see the chefs grilling the steaks. make sure to choose one of the many seasoning salt options! excellent service, very impressed. might be expensive for berlin's standards but was worth every penny. it's a hotel restaurant but it's quite a slick hotel. treat yourself to a cocktail in next door after, pretty cool cocktail bar - catwalk. one thing that threw me off was the enormous size of the framed menu's, bizarre and not really quirky..more annoying tbh! avoid (at least for lunch). the marriott burger was dry, tasteless and contained crunchy pieces of cartilage. fries were ok. took 40 minutes to arrive since there was a problem with the grill but i guess that stuff happens. pretty decent place.great host service- very friendly.seems like quality food. though, i sat at the bar and watched some food preparations and was amazed as they doused everything in butter and oil.the steaks and fish looked nice, well-presented. meticulous cooks and efficient service.i was jet lagged and having a meal late and so expected to have a light meal. ....... that wasn't so light. grilled shrimp. juicy but very oily. very very oily. ate em of course. mixed vegetable plate. also a wedge salad which had very nice blue cheese and very delicious fatty bacon lardon. then, there was a sweet sauce on it. ummm, i didn't realize it on the menu but asked and it was heated maple syrup. actually tasted kinda different and neat. overall felt heavier than planned but ate everything. everything was actually tasty.the guy next to me had this cook dessert with a fire pot and marshmallows and chocolate. s'mores u make yourself! i may be back for those!it was easter weekend so i had my fill of easter chocolates on my way out......courtesy of them! very high class steakhouse in postdamer platz. decor is very nice, service is outstanding, menu options are plenty with an assortment of kansas steak, fish, veal, and a "sea salt" menu to season your steak with upon eating was a different ad pleasant twist. ordered a tbone steak with sides of mushrooms (super good), double baked potato, and big crispy asparagus. all steaks come with a side of yummy butter and grilled onions which i loved. nice twist comes at the end of the meal where our waitress gave us out dessert list which came on the back of a postcard which i could write a note and they would send it out for delivery anywhere in the world! wrote a note for my parents back in california lol. also - your meal comes with a marshmallow fire/s''more layout for you to cook on your table for free which was pretty cool. ordered the creme brulee which was outstanding because we didn't know the marshmallows were coming, but it was cool because the waitress torched the creme brulee right at the table!definitely a high end steak house, prices reflect that, but great service and a great restauraunt to indulge in some good old fashioned steak! i've been here four times since my visit in berlin, i love their juicy steaks. the staff are very kind, and the restaurant also has a nice atmosphere. i definitely recommend this place! good food. not much on the menu regarding salads... the chicken club is fantastic. :) this is a very classy restaurant located inside of the marriot hotel. the service is excellent. noticing i was alone, and that i'm american, the manager approached me and asked me if i would like a newspaper and brought over a selection for me to choose from. the food is great, the atmosphere is very upscale and is full of people in suits. they have a hearty breakfast buffet every weekend for 28 euros. it's a tad expensive, but the selection is amazing, and the quality is top notch. well i came back again for a second try. sadly not much better than the first.started out nice enough - the restaurant is nicely laid out and well lit. we ordered and our server promptly forgot our wine. i reminded her after a good 20m - she apologized - no worries, i can understand that.the food came and everything was oversalted. the steaks were good quality but a little over cooked. it's a shame because they offer a large selection of custom salts but my meat was so salty i couldn't add anything else to it. my companions mashed potatoes were similarly oversalted, shame!during the food our server disappeared. no idea where she went but i had to flag another one over after a good 20m to collect our plates and order dessert. cheesecake was delicious. the marshmallows you get on the way out are a treat as well.it's a shame because i like the ambiance here and the price isn't bad (100eur for our meal for two with dessert and a half liter wine) but two bad experiences with service and salty food means i probably won't come back. i tho't the spinach-beet salad was return-trip worthy; then the sauted liver arrived and put to shame anything else i've eaten anywhere. it was my first time in berlin but i was craving a steak dinner. i saw the reviews for this place on another review site and they were pretty good, so decided to give it a try. i had the filet mignon with a side of risotto. the steak was just ok, nothing great. the service was nonexistent after the food was delivered so i didn't end up having a second beer which was kind of disappointing. for our first meal in berlin (lunch), this restaurant -- within the berlin marriott -- was a safe choice. food and service were both very good. two of us had steak, which was high quality and well prepared (mine was rare, as requested), and one of us had a great burger. while we ventured out of the hotel for our subsequent meals, i'm glad we started our berlin adventure here. loved everything about this restaurant. excellent food, excellent service. steak, sides, wine, dessert were all top notch. one of the best grill restaurant i've been to, and the best steak fillet i had in berlin.expect 5* service (it is located at the marriott hotel), first class meat and delicious side-dishes. not over-sophisticated and quite to the business. it is a bit pricey, but better than block house and most other steak houses around (not to mention the very average maredo).been there with client (sort of business dinner) and it was huge success.only one thing: they must do something with their menu sizes it is like 2 ft tall we went for pricy lunch. burger ok but not the best i ate. i wasn't impressed. super fancy place. maybe burgers in a high end restaurant just don't work. great place for steaks! good service, too. was in berlin for business and went alone, so the waiter asked me if i cared for newspaper and was generally very friendly. they have a big steak menu, south american and usda. went for the boneless rib-eye and it was phantastic: tender, juicy, a tad smokey and cooked to perfection. many times they tend to overcook steak in europe, or at least in germany, but this was perfect. wanted medium-rare and that's exactly what i got. this was probably one of the best steaks i've had in a very long time. then they have an extra menu with about 20 or so different varieties of coarse salts for the steak, which is really neat. salad was also very tasty (had the chopped one) and great wine by the glass. very good experience overall. all the steaks were fantastic. i had the south american ribeye which was cooked to perfection. side of cream spinach was perfect pairing. after all was said and done the creme brle was the perfect end. well, the marshmallow really worked out in the end. you'll need to go yourself to find out about that. staff was friendly and attentive. .	1	1	1	1	1
 we got the chicken bulgogi grill which was very good. it is meant for 2. the sides were so tasty; we asked for more of the potato/carrot pickle. excellent meal and good service. the place is on the smaller side. there are no built in grills so they use a portable gas stove with a grill plate which is okay. although there are no air vents so it does get a little smokey depending on what type of meat you or your neighbors get. there were 6 korean side dishes with rice that came with our meal. lettuce, soy bean paste, and oil salt dip as well. we got the pork grill plate for two. there is traditional seating in the back which was cool to see. they show you how to grill the meat and prepare it a bit when it is done as well. they were a little busy so service had a slow start but they were attentive once the food got there. der ort ist auf der kleineren seite. es gibt keine eingebauten grills, also verwenden sie einen tragbaren gasherd mit einer grillplatte, die in ordnung ist. obwohl es keine lftungsschlitze gibt, wird es ein wenig rauchig, je nachdem, welche art von fleisch sie oder ihre nachbarn bekommen. es gab 6 koreanische beilagen mit reis, die mit unserer mahlzeit kamen. salat, sojabohnenpaste und lsalz tauchen ebenfalls auf. wir haben die schweinegrillplatte fr zwei personen bekommen. es gibt traditionelle sitzgelegenheiten auf der rckseite, was cool zu sehen war. sie zeigen dir, wie du das fleisch grillen kannst und bereitest es ein bisschen zu, wenn es auch fertig ist. sie waren etwas beschftigt, so dass der service einen langsamen start hatte, aber sie waren aufmerksam, sobald das essen dort ankam. delicious!!!! wonderful food! a must try! they also have floor seating as an option. make a reservation! the quality of the food is good but it's slightly pricey for what it's worth. my friend and i ordered the classic bibimbap and seafood sundubu (soft tofu soup). we also got makgeoli so we spent a good amount of money (i think ~18 each). the soft tofu soup was quite good, as was the bibimbap. i don't know if i'll return because i would rather explore other places that may be cheaper. also, they give a couple banchan with the main dishes but you can also order the banchan separately. it's weird because i don't ever think banchan should cost money!!!!! that is a rule in korea. come on now!!!! we came here with my friends for his birthday a couple of weeks ago. madang is definitely one of those "nicer" looking korean restaurants (i've been to a lot of dingy ones in toronto). we were seated in the front, and service was great.i got myself the kimchi chigae, since it was super cold that evening. no doubt, it was super good. my friends all got themselves the dolsot bibimbap, and they said it was good as well. however, the only complaints that i have are 1) it's a bit expensive for korean food; 2) they don't serve the typical ban chans that you would get at a traditional korean restaurant. my meal only came with three, and it was kind of disappointing.otherwise, great korean food -- comparable to those in toronto - just for a steeper price. it took me two visits to come up with an opinion about this place. it is very original and the food there is also quite unique. though in my opinion unique does not mean very good. it is ok-isch.starters were very small and had little taste. the main dish - grill plate, was big enough for two people, accompanied by various side dishes. and again, i was expecting much more taste. it was plain. we did not touch the desserts as the selection was very limited.so all in all i am not a fan of this place. i would describe it with one sentence, taking into account all the cooking that takes place in front of your eyes: much a do about nothing"... oh how i missed asian food... i was tired of portugal's one kind of cuisine and decided my trip to berlin was going to be my chance for tasty ethnic foods. i had a mediocre thai food experience on my first night which made me wary of berlin asian food but madang was the real deal!i wished my bf was with me so we could have ordered the bbq but, since i was alone i ordered the beef bibimbop and a korean pancake. it was delicious! the bibimbop was sizzling and spicy, the egg was runny, and there was a nice crunchy crust to the rice. even the side dishes were prepared with care--the kimchee was perfectly spicy and the fermented beans (which i usually skip because the flavor is overpowering) were much better than normal. the service was nice and friendly and they have english menus. i only have one complaint about the whole meal. i ordered the pancake because i was starving. so i thought they would bring it out as an appetizer rather than with my bibimbop. but this was a small oversight. craving korean food after a few weeks around europe. sat outside on cool summer night and people-watched as we waited for our food. sundubu hit the spot- hot, spicy, and soft tofu, tasted a bit like ramen broth hah; husband's spicy chicken dish wasn't too bad either. also got a kimchi cheese jeon, a bit salty but not bad. portions were a bit on the smaller side, and came with 2-3 side dishes per meal. first korean meal in berlin so cannot accurately compare price/portions, so will say decent overall! amazing food, and seem like people know it because it was pretty full for dinner.there are 5 types of bbq and the vegan one is amazing. so are all the different teas.we waited 15-20 min to be seated but it was worth it, because the food is genuinely great.the service is also beyond anything i got used to in berlin, the staff is attentive and offered some nice deserts in the end. an authentic korean food. if you want to try real kimchi, go there! food is nice but definitely too expensive. i wanted to find a good asian restaurant in the area as we were off to an english comedy event nearby and as it was by bf's birthday i also didn't want to eat the standard asian fare that is usually on offer. i went by a few days beforehand to check it out but it was closed but luckily they had a menu outside so based solely on what was described i thought okay this sounds good, let's hope it is! i phoned and made a reservation good job too! we arrived at 18:30, it was empty but every single table was reserved and by 19:00 it was full. not sure how it is on weekdays but i would definitely recommend that you make a reservation anyway!i have to say it exceeded my expectations! the staff are very polite and efficient... and the food, that was just simply delicious!we were four people sharing 2 starters & 2 mains:s1: madang gimbab. 4, 50 gets you 10 pieces of seaweed to fill with a choice of rice, beef, vegetables and thinly sliced egg roll. s2: chiljeonpan. 4 mini pancakes for 3, 50 with a very tasty mustard dipping .m1: dakgalbi (hotpot #t5) sooooooo good!!! tender pieces of chicken and vegetables come in a spicy broth which are then chopped and mixed up for you at the table. when it's all prepared it takes on a thick stew consistency. just writing about it is making me dream about having it again!m2: samgyopsal, a table grilling dish consisting of sliced of pork belly grilled then wrapped in lettuce leaves.all this was complimented by a selection of banchan (side dishes) like: kimchi, beans in soya sauce, pickled and marinated vegetables, moo-chae (radish) and ssamjang paste.for dessert we had yakgwa (a very traditional dessert that was once considered a medicinal confection make from honey, sesame oil and wheat flour) and chapssalduk (mochi style rice cakes filled with sweet bean paste).to round off our meal we were given complimentary apple slices and the birthday boy got a shot of soju!this has to be one of the most satisfying and excellent korean meals i have ever had...to date! must go back soon and try out some of the other offerings.if you have never tried korean food before i would recommend coming here. most impressive for such a small and unassuming establishment.oh if you are thinking of a romantic or private tte--tte with your partner you should be warned that with the table grill dishes the staff prepare it for you and will stay there until all the meat is cooked! probably because they come on little stoves and not set into tables like in other places :) i have a goal to bring my companion to a new restaurant every time we eat out and it is my choice to pick a restaurant, so we ended up here for last night. it was a late dinner; we showed up at about 21:15, and i was surprised that the place was still packed. we unfortunately did not have a reservation, so we had to wait about five minutes before a table opened up.i ordered the jeonji dolsot bibimbap, while my companion ordered the seafood stew set (i forgot the name). we also shared an order of the dumpling appetizers (v5): these are four small delicate dumplings filled with korean goodness, dipped in delicate dipping sauce. oh, we also shared a pot of green tea.i was impressed with this place. the food was amazing. the bibimbap was perfect: i mixed it with the spicy sauce provided on my tray, and mixed it all over inside the hot stone. the rice was well-done, and the vegetables and meat were fresh. the delicate seaweed soup that came with it also had a very exquisite flavor that i would want to order it for that soup alone. needless to say, judging from how my companion looked that night, he also enjoyed his meal.the restaurant is small; there's not a lot of wiggle room in it. make a reservation if you are a group bigger than two people. as we were leaving around 22:00, people were still coming in and sitting down. the restrooms are downstairs; they are very clean and cavernous, although they should clear the trash bins every now and then.overall, a great find. i give this place 5 stars and will definitely come back here again. food was 3-4 stars but service was 3. great place to take someone to try korean food but would not be the greatest for someone experienced with korean cuisine. amazing. amazing. amazing. despite a language barrier, my girlfriend and i had the most delicious dim sum, beef bibimbap, and some kind of spicy sweet noodles (n2). the noodles contained seafood, which made me weary at first, but they did not even have the slightest hint of fishiness. this place is seriously so good. the server was friendly and very accommodating. i don't think you can go wrong here. the noodles were so good!!! the beans and kim chi were the best i have ever had by far. go here if you have the chance. you won't regret it. i had such a fine dining experience here, that i did not want to wait to write a review. disclaimer: this review will probably sound biased because 1) i'm asian, and 2) i have not had asian food, rice or vegetables since i left la three weeks ago. also, this might be a long review because i am still pleased with my experience tonight.okay, so i have been craving rice and vegetables since i got to europe three weeks ago. sushi just was not cutting it for me, and i spent long hours searching up what restaurants seemed good, and coordinated it with my work schedule (i currently work in potsdam, quite a commute!). i ran upon madang while i was on yelp and looking at yamyam instead.madang seemed really close to my apartment in tempelhof, so i decided today to go try it out. at first, i was really nervous because i have been pretty disappointed with the vietnamese restaurants here in the past, that i did not want to be disappointed with korean food, one of my favourite cuisines.when i got off the u-bahn and found madang, i was relieved to see it was owned by korean people, and that there were asian people eating -- very good sign! i decided to walk in and dine inside. i was greeted by a lady wearing a traditional korean outfit, which i thought was pretty cool with the decor too. i ordered the bibimbap, and it was a hot day so i did not want it in the hot stone pot with the egg, but the lady convinced me anyway, so i did.when it came out, i was expecting it to be burning hot, like back in california, but it actually was hot enough for the egg to cook but cool enough for me to start digging in immediately! it also came with seaweed soup, beans and hot sauce.the bibimbap is definitely not the best nor close to california quality, but because i have little expectations in berlin, i was satisfied! it could have used more meat though... i also did not think the hot sauce was hot enough...i put the whole thing in there, barely tasted spice. i guess i will ask for more next time. the seaweed soup was good, i avoided the beans, and the kimchi was...alright, kind of like kimchi you get at some ramen places.anyway, if this was in california, i would give it 2.5 stars, but because i'm in berlin and because the servers were so nice (even let me take pictures of my stuffed blue fly inside and complimented it!), i will give this place four stars. they made me feel secure eating by myself too, haha. and i also got watermelon after my bill! yay! (: had the grilled plate for 3 people with a million side dishes and pre-course and everything was fantastic!will be there soon! nice small place. make sure to do reservation, its usually fully booked. service is nice (guess they're all a big family). i tried anju (pork ribs) and gambibi, it was good. most of the menu is for at least two (bulgogi :( sadly). so i think it's better for groups. but i would suggest tibetean restaurant next door for couples. good koren food, but nothing mind blowing. when a bunch of friends and i went, the restaurant was quite empty which is good cause that meant no wait! the service was good, but the food could have been better. my dish (the soondubu) was really salty and i thought it was kind of ridiculous that they made you pay for the side dishes... which i thought were standard to be free in all korean restaurants! great korean restaurant. we found this by accident as we were in the area and wanted to grab a bite somewhere. we were lucky that there was one table left (tip: book in advance). the service was good, and the food was really great. as starters we had some dim sum like dumplings they were really good. the bibimbap with 9 ingredients is a huge bowl with excellent flavours. will certainly go back. we're in berlin for a month on vacation and plan to eat here at least 3-4 times a week.  it's absolutely fantastic. we got the daeji bulgogi and wow- it's sooooo good.  other than wishing for a slightly better beer menu, we can't think of anything we'd change. i had wanted to try madang for quite some time and finally did so last week. i ordered the gogi chapchae which was quite tasty at 8+. i took off a star as they only served a tiny portion of kimchi without the rest of the typical little things that normally accompany korean dishes. one can order them separately but it would get very expensive very quickly. great find for korean food in kreuzberg! i recommend sitting in the back at one of the two low-sitting tables (raised platform, no shoes, sitting on the ground, but the cushions have enough support to keep you upright) for extra privacy, plus the front dining room felt a little drafty when we stopped by on a chilly night.food was great, and prices very reasonable -- very diverse mix of grilled meats and other korean standards. the banchan, especially the appropriately spicy kim chi, were good, but i would have liked to see a little more variety. service was very nice and helpful. we arrived before 7 on a friday and were probably the last table to get in without a reservation, so plan ahead. withholding a fifth star due to the lack of in-table grills -- the portable grills used at madang and elsewhere are no substitute for an experience with a larger grills built into your table. still looking for those in berlin! i was very impressed by madang.. this was only the second time i have had korean food (more prominent here than the uk) and i thought the experience was excellent. it's seems to be a family run restaurant, and this lends to its charm as the place is intimate and very friendly. the menu is a little confusing at first if you're not familiar with the style if eating, but giving it a try is rewarding. my other venture into korean food was kimichi princess down at gorlitzer. kimichi is also a very nice restaurant, but for me this place wins with it being cheaper, smaller and more atmospheric. best korean in berlin. the shared bbq platter looked amazing, the fried noodles i had were super delicious. do yourself a favour and head there right now!!! (compared to asian restaurants in all of germany, this place would get 5 stars, but compared to asian restaurants in berlin, it gets 4 stars.)i'd like to start with a warning: google maps does not seem to know where this place is. if you search for madang on google maps, you will only find a martial arts center in prenzlauer berg. search based on the address, not the name of the restaurant.this was pretty good korean food. we split one of the tischkocher dishes, with chicken in a vegetable sauce. the heat was growing spiciness, my favorite kind -- it didn't immediately shock your mouth but slowly grew so that by the end of the meal, i had to blow my nose. the rice cakes with sweet bean paste were alright. the fresh fruit at the end of the meal was a nice touch.the service was friendly but a little disorganized. you can pay with ec card, which is good because we discovered that the commerzbank near to it locks up their geldautomat (atm). we got the table grill for two. it was delicious and enough for three people. the service was nice and the restaurant completely full on a friday night. definitely book in advance. i would give this restaurant 2 stars if it were in a place with a thriving korean restaurant scene, like los angeles. but, since good korean food is not so easy to come by in berlin, i will be generous. the kimchi is far from the best i've had. even in berlin, other places are better (try kochu karu, eberswalder strasse). still, the food is ok and the service is friendly. if you're in the neighborhood and have a craving ... madang is my favorite place in berlin for home-cooking style korean food. it's tasty, the service is good, in the part of kreuzberg that isn't too far from schneberg, and doesn't feature some crazy amount of christian propaganda. you can also make reservations in korean, which is, i guess, useful if you know how to do that and don't in german. very authentic korean cuisine in a comfortable atmosphere. friendly service attitude & reasonable prices. another great korean restaurant in berlin.the food is always great.	1	0	1	0	1
 came here yesterday for breakfast to start off a full day in berlin. the place definitely has a european hipster vibe but i enjoyed it! check out the interesting decorations around the restaurant. options for breakfast were limited but delicious. they offer 3 different full breakfast options for 8.5 euro: a sweet, a cheese based and a mixed that comes with bread, muesli and an assortment of cheese and/or jam. although it doesn't look particularly hearty, we were stuffed by the end. if you aren't as hungry they also had a la cart options like scrambled eggs.also the server was very nice and welcoming and even gave us the lowdown on the traditional winter foods in germany which is apparently goose, potato balls and cabbage? hopefully we will get to try that by the end of the trip. this place is still cash only and also remember to add a 10% tip to the check. went here for lunch today. i must say the food is absolutely amazing and trully authentic. haven't had such a nice lunch for a long time. we ordered schnitzel with potatoes cucumber salad and "schufle" with fried potatoes and sauerkraut (cabbage) two very traditional dishes. both meals were divine and to the point. we rounded the lunch with a nice desert up and ordered kaiserschmarn. wow. regarding the service.. well.. that was the only part that was slightly disappointing because it was rather mediocre. they all seemed disinterested and that's a pity for a place with a great kitchen like this. but anyways. i can still recommend it. this is my favorite german food in berlin. service is just fine per berlin standards but the atmosphere and food are excellent. if you want to enjoy an evening out, this is a great location this place was amazing! quirky and cute on the corner in the very hip mitte neighborhood. we split the pear, goat cheese, and walnut flammkuchen (thin pizza) and the on recommendation from a fellow yelper, the geschmeltze maultaschen mit schwbischem kartoffelsalat. this was basically a little pasta square layered with deliciously flavorful meat and fried, paired with a cold potato salad that was very well done. topped our meal off with the cheesecake on special, which was presented beautifully and had a variety of toppings (raspberry, apricot, walnut) to fit your tastes.i recommend this place for its ambiance, but especially for the taste! cash only and worth every cent. get that spaetzle. it is delicious. it can easily be shared with two. it comes with a mixed green salad. that is enough for two also. i highly recommend this restating for a mouthwatering meal. very nice place with a really cozy feel to it and friendly staff. the food is very good as well! i had the spaetzle with cheese which came with a small side salad , and it was delicious, huge portion too! i couldn't even finish it! we also had a flammkuchen with bacon and onions to share and let me tell you, you absolutely have to get one, especially if you have never tried them! it was amazing! the staff is very attentive and they even helped me to choose a beer. the place has a black forest theme so there are antlers hanging on the walls, a coal stove in the middle of the room and the dark, wooden tables finish it off.very nice meal for a very decent price and even tried a new snapps flavor!! ( marille, try it you will like it! ;) ) also, i was so full i couldn't try the dessert but please have a kaiserschmarrn and tell me how it is!! cool place to go for a swabian dinner. it's a good place to go to try something different from the normal german cuisine you find in berlin. our dinner group had maultaschen, flammkuchen, and a pork plate. all were very good and we finished with a dessert i highly recommend - kaiserschmarrn. nice berlin style ambience - clean but not a white table cloths type of place fantastic food and fantastic service. schnitzel and flamm kuchen were great. the flammkuchen came loaded with bacon , bound to make anyone happy. they serve augustiner helles, which i consider the best beer in the world, after years of trying out different beers. so they get extra points for that. very cute restaurant, good service, many german specialties. it trends heavily towards items with meat, but there are several vegetarian options. i had the maultaschen, a stuffed pasta with meat and caramelized onions, and my friend had an egg dish that she liked quite a lot. atmosphere was good. i would totally come back again. nothing bad, but nothing special. we did the standard thing and searched various apps to identify options for dinner on the first night in berlin. schwarzwaldstudben is in a good area with lots of backup options if full/closed or not to your taste. the staff were good, the menu is traditional german (soup was very nice, mains were average) and the food ... average? basically, i was trying to find something spectacular and we got something that was.....good. so, it's nice, it's cheap you won't be upset, but you won't be blown away either. we went to a lot of restaurants in berlin, but this was hands down one of my favorite ones. it was better than the michelin star restaurants. we accidentally stumbled into here after a day of walking. to be honest, i can't even tell you what we had & with correct spelling.get the fried pizza, the schnitzel, the cheese plate... all worth it. so glad we stopped here for brunch! super authentic german food, with many locals eating here.i had the vorspeisenteller plate: like a plate full of different bites and things to try. was super happy with my selection.no worries if dishes are in german, they have description in english of what's in the dish :) unimaginative german food, very average service - but actually in a pretty good vibe establishment.located in the happening mitte part of berlin, this place came up as no.4 on yelp, but i am still scratching my head as to why?reception was really slow, but warmed up a little with some pretty crappy attempts at german on my part.pretty busy and a good crowd of patrons for an early dinner in an environment that is cosy, not too loud with some eclectic decor.food was slow and bland, went for the german pizza starter on recommendation which was okay but i'll be tasting the onion for days. roasted beef was way overcooked, tough and served with sptzle and snow peas in a gravy sauce (yay...).maybe this place has a better breakfast - but i doubt i will try, there are so many better options in berlin.as a social hangout, i think this place rocks. if you want to eat some good food, there are better options around. while in berlin one must eat german food right? well we went here and it was sooo great!!! not only was the food authentic and filling, the atmosphere was very relaxed and the decorum was unique! before this trip i never ate german food but if all german food tasted as good as this places i'd definitely eat it again and again! service was great. had an english version which was super helpful. all of the staff was super friendly and gave great recommendations! if you're in berlin i suggest eating here! great schnitzel and salad. lovely beers and choice place to people watch if you sit outside. no credit cards accepted so bring cash. the food was really good (especially the tomato soup) but our server was rude and the glassware was dirty. love love loved it...we found this restaurant on yelp and were very impressed with the reviews so we decided to check it out for lunch. the place has a very nice and cozy atmosphere, gets lots of light, and has a hip and casual dcor. we sat at the bar, most tables were taken. there were a lot of tourists there, but surprisingly, the place did not feel too touristy!!we ordered the pork schnitzel and the lentil with spaetzle and sausage. absolutely delicious. pair that with a great service and we were very happy with our experience. so happy that we came back the next morning for breakfast and we were oh so glad that we did. for 8 you get a large plate with a delicious oatmeal, an egg, some ham and salami, and fruit, if not more. the coffee is very good too. with the check, they bring you a lovely postcard of one of the paintings on their wall. a very sweet memento... yum!taste 5price 5service 5i was very happy and will definitely come back. such a gem! we came here for breakfast and loved this place. what's better than getting an extremely delicious meal for breakfast with a beer. you have to order the konig ludwig pale ale. they have it on draught and it is really crisp and clean. the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. i wish i could go to this place regularly. i like to go here every once in a while when i want to show my friends from overseas what german food is like. the atmosphere is warm and cozy and the service is great, really helpful and 'youthful'.the food is fine as well. it s not jolesch(austrian) or markthalle in kreuzberg, but it s also not pretending to be. it s not pretentious and the food is honest.it s german food. i prefer the frnkische schaeufele with crispy skin. they got the badische one. well. it is what it is. and i am not going to alpenstueck to have a german food experience, which is around the corner, but too expensive and the atmosphere is not sure what it is. neither here nor there. in the meantime schwarzwaldstuben is what it is. solid. now i kinda wanna give it 5 stars, but 4 are just fine. when you re in mitte and want to get german food, this is the place to go, when you re in kreuzberg, you have better options like markthalle or max und moritz or die hnne... very cool spot in mitte district near orianenburger tor u-bahn station. friendly, english-speaking staff. i had the smoked pork with sauerkraut and fried potatoes which was delicious. plenty of drinks on the menu besides beer and wine. oh, the beer is of course fantastic! packed at 8 o'clock on a sunday evening so they must be doing something right. excellent spot for german food. the spatzle is particularly amazing here.i recommend the schnitzel here as well -- very moist and flavorful. the fried potatoes it comes with are excellent too. the sausages with spatzle and lentil beans is also great. the side salad is a very generous portion and extremely tasty.the decor is very hipster. it has a lot of charm. the waiters speak english (and there's an english menu) plus they are super friendly! so grateful to find a place with an english version of the menu! food here was delicious and staff was really friendly. came by myself and ate at the bar and had great service. cash only! had breakfast here before going to the museum island (about fifteen minutes walking). food is good, ambience and decor very good, plus they have english menu & friendly waitress spoke english. their breakfast menu is very limited, but if the opportunity presents itself i would love to try it for dinner. vortrefflich (superb)! based on previous yelp recommendations we stopped in for an early sunday lunch. schwarzwaldstuben is a well-appointed, congenial and cozy tavern at the intersection of tucholsky and linienstrae near rosenthaler platz. we chose a window table near the huge green-tiled furnace. although the young waitress spoke perfect english, she good-naturedly took our order in my striving german. for starters i ordered an excellent home-brew rothaus beer and my wife had an equally delicious trollinger dry red wine. it was a little before noon and the waitress informed us that the kitchen didn't start lunch until 12 o'clock precisely, but she would submit our orders ahead of time. (you gotta love the german sense of precision and order.) my wife got the badisches taufeles or boiled pork while i got the wildbratwurst or wild game sausages. the sides included potatoes and freshly pickled white cabbage kraut. we shared both dishes and slowly savored the rich combination of flavors on our palates - succulent chunks of lean ham tender enough to cut with a fork and expertly grilled wild boar and venison links cut with a raspberry mustard and rosemary-infused mashed potatoes (to-die-for). the menu also has spaetzle and flammenkchen (german answers to pasta and pizza respectively.) it all looked great coming out of the little kitchenmanned by three kinetic young cooks. this is true german cuisine with a local-source philosophy and simple business plan, to wit it's an all-cash establishment because "we'd rather spend money on the best ingredients than share it with the banks." only one dessert on the menu, the caramelized kaiserschmarmm (15 minutes to prepare) or german smashed crpes with fresh berry compote, cherry sorbet and schlag (whipped cream). we shared this absolutely delicious conclusion to our berlin gastronomic adventures and then took a long walk home to kreuzberg. i really enjoyed my dinner here! i ordered a special which was a gnocchi and it was delicious. service was fast and attentive, environment was cozy and comfortable. i spent near 2 months living in germany and this is the first place on my list i would like to return back to! got the kasespatzle. its like the german version of mac and cheese. it was gooooood and cheesy. good serviceee we wanted authentic german cuisine and had this recommended via lonely planet's 'europe on a shoestring'. i must say it was one of our berlin highlights. the decor is cool and outdoorsy while the atmosphere is cozy and chill. our server was friendly and accommodating as it was a pretty busy place and had to shuffle chairs around to make a table of three. we wanted schnitzel with spzel which isn't a dish combination on the menu, but once again made it work. our food came out very quickly. the schnitzel was great but the real star was the spzel. i would eat that every day if i could! we were very impressed... even the side salad was dynamite. highly recommend. this was a great find while visiting berlin for a few days. i actually had dinner there twice! the decor is eclectic, service impeccable, and food was worth both visits. the staff spoke english and the menu has english descriptions which was very helpful. a great place to enjoy superb german food at a very reasonable price. solid delicious german food served in a cozy german shabby chic atmosphere.this was my friend's introduction to german food in germany. her grandmother grew up in southern germany so she had had her cooking. she ordered the kasse spatzle with fried onions and beer. i had the beerlitzer spargel (white asparagus) that was in season with hollandaise sauce. white asparagus is always a novelty for us americans but the germans adore it. they are thick and meaty with a very mild asparagus taste. schwarzwaldstuben's were so tender without being soggy. the hollandaise was thick with butter and eggs and yum. served along side were boiled new potatoes that were golden and packed with potato . i added a view shavings of real black forest ham. with a glass of riesling, it was gutt!	1	0	1	0	1
 adorable gem located in mitte. it has a fresh quaint ambiance with a adorable spiral staircase and many indoor plants. it's a cozy intimate japanese influenced brunch spot. euros only. i ordered the madame croque, eggs benedict and the potato gratin. the potato gratin was delish. it was perfectly buttery and smooth on the palate. the madame croque was made with a croissant (my favorite kind of bread in the whole world) and came with your choice of a mediterranean salad or a spinach salad. i opted for the spinach. the eggs benedict is made with their special biscuit and was delightful. would give them a 5 review but my only complain was the eggs benedict poached egg was not warm... eggs are best fresh and hot... the servers were patient, attentive and great. i wish i had a large enough appetite to fit in their pastries. they looked delish. if i lived in berlin, i would eat brunch here all the time. definitely a great spot to have brunch. expensive canteen food in a nice environment i really don't unterstand all the good reviews concerning the food.cant recommend the eggs benedict. had an excellent time at this quirky little breakfast place. i was only in berlin for one whole day, but i really enjoyed eating here. it was worth the time!you walk in and see this beautiful large spiral staircase, and then are welcome to upstairs, where you sit at a long table with the other guests, very urban outfitters and trendy. my friend and i had the biscuits with hollandaise sauce (!!!!), taco rice, and matcha lattes. great service, beautiful decour, and a fun experience overall. definitely worth the wait. lovely staff, beautiful decor, and unique, fresh food. both beautiful to look at and to eat. came here for lunch and loved it! the place is really cute and you have to take a winding staircase up to the restaurant. we were seated pretty quickly and i ordered the scrambled eggs with potato gratin. i loved my dish! the eggs were soft and fluffy, the potatoes were perfectly cooked, and my greek salad was a great complement to my meal. the only downside to this place was that they don't take card and only cash.i would love to come back and try their okinawan taco rice! the environment is really cute and cozy! the ground floor has a rotating stair to go upstairs. there are flowers and plans all over around. in the weekend is kinda packed, but if you come around 10, there're still seats. my favorite dish is egg benedicttaco rice is also very delicious! and the matcha latte and cakes are my must! not too sweet! i was excited to try this place. i never was able to make it to the one in williamsburg. there's usually a long wait for breakfast/brunch, which i thought meant that it was going to be amazing. sadly, however, the food did not meet up to the expectation. the place is totally overrated. i ordered the taco rice from the breakfast menu and it was decent but nothing to ride home about. service was fine. setting was interesting, but not as nice in person as it looks in the pictures. i'm sorry but i really wanted to like this place! this place is awesome! the food was fresh, music great and decor was adorable!!! would definitely suggest going here while you're in berlin. nice food, i had an advocado sandwich with goat cheese. i liked it but the sandwich was really small.. the location is amazing tho, really beautifull stairs when you enter the place.there is are a lot of tables but that makes it quite noisy. really cozy entirior. but a bit too pricey for what it is. really did love the biscuits. possibly dome of the best i've ever had light and fluffy but not at all dry. poached eggs were underdone but edible. loved the fresh sides. coffee and oj both excellent. place is tucked away in what looks like an office building, then up spiral staircase. worth tracking down. wish it had more veg options. arrived just before the last order, 4:30pm. they close by 5pm. the lobby with the spiral staircase is gorgeous, as other reviewers have mentioned!! it's a cute restaurant with vintage items. the women's restroom smells so good. there are some wall outlets to charge devices, if needed.customer service is pretty good. only one waiter serves everyone. only cash is accepted here.i ordered scrambled eggs and chiffon cake, which comes with whipped cream. the eggs were good. the cake is fluffy, light and undersweetened. love it!!!! i need to know how to make it from scratch. i love this little cafe! it's right next to our apartment in berlin, so i visit it quite often. sometimes the wait can be a bit long, but it's definitely worth it. this is one of the most memorable and unique restaurants i've been to. when you enter on the ground floor you immediately notice an adorable spiral staircase leading to an upper level, with a wall of plants behind it. we waited around 20 minutes on a weekend morning. the upper level is cozy and lively with lots of natural sunlight. the food was absolutely delicious, especially the okinawan taco rice. i can see this as a lovely place to grab brunch with friends. a really aesthetic caf with a comfy atmosphere! the staff was just so friendly und always had a smile on their lips. the caf is located on the second floor, so if you walk in, a spiral staircase awaits you. i was just so amazed by the charm and vibes this place emitted.the food also looked really nice, but the price for the amount of food you get was ridiculous. also my friend, with whom i went to the caf, said that compared to other cafs, the food wasn't anything extravagant and the taste wasn't full of flavor. it didn't taste so good. she is more experienced in this regard, so i wanted to share her opinion. in my personal view, the food certainly was yummy , but maybe because i don't go to restaurants all the time. but even so, it's a great idea to visit this place in order to enjoy the comfy atmosphere~ it's a great place to talk! love this place for brunch! the aesthetic of the place is great and i love the atmosphere. the food is amazing and a really great deal for the price. i got the two sandwich meal for 10 euros. it comes with two full sandwiches and a soup and salad. i was so full by the end of the meal. but the food was fantastic. my favorite sandwich was the fig brie snd apple. i also had the avocado and goat cheese. both were awesome, i would definitely go again to this restaurant this is by far my favorite restaurant in berlin, germany. i can officially and ironically say that i have had the best japanese pork cutlet (gat so) from a restaurant in germany. i went here for brunch on my last day. with a name so whimsical, i knew i had to give this place a try. when you walk into the restaurant you are greeted with a whimsical and mesmerizing stairs that twirl around to the entrance of the restaurant. please take a look at my picture of the stairs. well, my picture doesn't really do the stairs justice. but you can get a general picture as to what the stairs look and feel like. sorry to digress from the topic of their food, as you know i was left speechless. their ingredients are fresh. their flavors are unique. it's brunch with a japanese twist. they serve things like wasabi sauce and green tea matcha lattes. this place is a must! just an instagrammable place - which it is !! food was alright, otherwise just a bunch of white girls dining to get pictures with the decor. if you're looking for really good food (as a priority), this is not the place i'm afraid. service was good. this is a must try while in berlin! this restaurant is adorable, really love the vibes it gives. we didn't make it in time for their infamous eggs benedict but our meals were still quite tasty. the french toast is wonderful, the breakfast is really good! a nice sized portion. would definitely recommend. coffee is okay - not the best that we have had. a definite must try when visiting berlin! the second we walked into house of small wonder we were greeted by a full waiting area, probably the first sign that we were in for a great brunch. the hosts were incredibly friendly and accommodating, especially given the usual brunch rush. our wait ended up being around 30 minutes, which left us some time to walk to see the new synagogue (only a 5 minute walk away) and then come back and photograph their infamous entry room and staircase. we were happily surprised by the japanese fusion style of the menu and ended up way over ordering (not that we regretted anything we ordered). we got the homemade biscuit benedict, granola & fruit with greek yogurt, and the okinawa taco rice.the benedict had a wasabi hollandaise that was not quite as strong as i had hoped, but the homemade biscuits definitely were great. the taco rice is a must-order, it's just not the most breakfast-y menu item, so if you're in the mood for your typical eggs and bacon i would consider going elsewhere.hosw was a bit pricier than other brunches we had in berlin, but i would definitely recommend it for anyone who wants to try something a bit outside of the box. the whole place is so aesthetically pleasing. the eggs benedict was amazing and the biscuit it was on was to die for. also had a matcha latte which was amazing. i love this place so much. a beautiful and serene atmosphere, friendly staff and fantastic drinks and food. i had the single vegan menu option on the menu and totally loved it. they have a fantastic pink mimosa with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, and the coffee is also lovely. this spot is very whimsical so that was appealing enough for me to want to try their food. my husband and i were starving when we arrived. their food hit the spot and was so tasty! if you order the croque madame you won't be disappointed. might be a hip berlin place but the food is just terrible. keep you expectations low and go there for some hipster decor but definitely not for the food. review to come... when i walked into this place, i saw a beautiful spiral staircase that felt so whimsical and romantic. when i walked up i saw the cutest little restaurant and i was greeted by friendly workers. the place felt so vintage and felt like i was transported to the past. the place was filled with simple flowers and cute vintage decor. i ordered an iced earl green tea which was perfect with the ambiance and my meal. for my food, i got their croissant french toast. the croissant was fluffy a light. it was dainty and delicious with the maple syrup and whipped cream. it came with a side of fruits, but i didn't like the after taste of it. i think, they saturated the fruits with herbs, but it gave my fruits a strange after taste. omg- my brother ordered their tonkasu don, which was one of the best things i have ever put into my mouth. it was so simple and tasted perfect with every bite. the chicken was fried to perfection and had a delicious crunch. the serving sizes were small, but satisfying. everyone needs to try this place out if you're in berlin! the restaurant has great deco and very friendly staff. the place has a lot of personality which, sadly, the food doesn't have.the quality of the food was a let-down. it was very decent but nothing that warrants a 5-star review. the textures were interesting but it lacked real flavor. we had the katsu don, sandwich menu and croque-madame. none of those really stand out from what you would be able to find in more common venues.on top of it, i truly think the "williamsburg presence" bragging is not a good idea. they wouldn't survive more than 2 weeks in williamsburg with the current offering, unless they really upped their game.more hype than needed right now. i was here with my family including my vegan daughter. there is one dish on the menu that's vegan (onigiri set). she was impressed with the taste of the food. my husband got the eggs benedict and he was happy with what he got but the wasabi hollandaise didn't have much bite. i got scrambled eggs with potato gratin and oh boy that was an excellent dish! eggs had a surprising amount of flavor and potato had just right amount of cheese in it. a great atmosphere with friendly staff. if you are in berlin, i'd highly recommend it! it's pretty hyped place, the food is 7 out of 10 but the environment is quite nice. matcha latte is my favorite. this berlin outcast of a popular brooklynite brunch/lunch spot is something different. and i mean that in an obviously good way. hosw is something you'll hardly find in the ever-changing berlin restaurant landscape.warm, bright interior. lots of plants. like a greenhouse. up the winding stairs. get seated by your english speaking waiter. study the menu with weekly lunch specials. the food can be best described as a mix of western brunch items with a japanese twist. small plates, but delicious. it's easy to find an item that you probably have never eaten before. eggs benedict on a rice biscuit? tex-mex with okinawa taco rice? or soboro don, which is ground chicken and scrambled organic egg over rice. execution is art, and hosw delivers. cute little cafe with a beautiful atmosphere. i got the apple pork belly sandwich with spinach salad and it was good but the portions are a little small. it's a great place to come if you're not starving and hang out.	0	0	1	0	0
 crowded on a rainy afternoon when i was craving noodle soup. jjampong was packed with shrimp, squid and mussels and chewy noodles and a spicy broth. i wasn't expecting to find decent korean food in berlin but this hit the spot. my husband and i were looking for a quick light lunch spot in mitte and came across yamyam. we had a look at the menu and saw that they had kimbap which are traditional korean rice rolls with vegetables and thought "that's perfect for a light lunch" and off we went.food: yamyam had a lot of great traditional korean dishes on the menu which was great to see. looking around the restaurant the dolsot bibimbap was very popular, the ramen looked good as well as the rice dishes.we both ordered the beef kimbap roll, one order of tofu and veggie dumplings, and a side order of the cucumber kimchi. fyi - the kimbap comes with a side of kimchi. everything was authentic and delicious. for drinks we ordered a bottle of water and their korean barely tea.cost: 22.00ambiance: very casual.service: friendly and quick. we got our food within 10 minutes of ordering.would i go back? definitely! and i would recommend this spot to anyone who's looking for good korea in berlin.note: yamyam is cash only. i've had a lot of korean food in my time and i'd say this place has been one of my favorites. the food doesn't carry that heavy fermented flavor that a lot of korean foods have, which is great in my book. it might turn some diehard korean eaters away on the other hand though. plenty of food for the price. the food was pretty good, and the service was too - though i did go at a time when the restaurant wasn't packed so i'm not sure what the service may be like during rush hour. a huge selection of food; it was hard to choose what to eat because everything sounded good. the prices were similar to those of other korean restaurants in berlin. quick service with hot food. kimchi was excellent to start and very spicy (in a good way). we also had bibimbab with veggies - awesome flavor especially in burning pot. i recommend mixing and add a tiny bit of soy sauce. the dan bokum severed quite a large portion and was also good. we would order all plates again next time. i was staying at a hotel nearby on a work trip, and after a long day of travel my friend and i decided to have food delivered using deliveroo. we were craving korean and saw several korean food options, and a quick google search showed that yamyam had very positive reviews. i can't attest to the actual restaurant and its facilities, but i can say that the food we ordered and had delivered was excellent! we ordered the jjajangmyun (black bean) noodles, bulgogi, and yangnyum fried chicken. the chicken was crispy and the sauce was perfect. the bulgogi was actually the best i've had in germany- it was surprisingly very tender and well-seasoned and exactly how it should be. the jjajangmyun was my least favorite of the dishes- the sauce wasn't as rich as it should be and the noodles were slightly soggy, but this is probably due to the fact that we ordered the food for delivery.i was really pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and it really hit the spot (and deliveroo did a great job in bringing the food to our hotel relatively promptly for a busy evening). and after scrolling through the photos here on yelp, i only wish we had been able to also eat there again in the restaurant, as the other dishes look amazing! i didn't expect much from this place but i loved it.i already noted it down to my classics list.its middle-sized, bright and lovely place to sit, eat great food, have a drink and talk with friends.food was amazing. i ordered bibimbap (8.90 euros) which is pretty cheap for portion. however, its sauce is hot so be careful. i especially have to mention beef bulgogi those guys cooking there. its amazing. its a great alternative to japanese plain gyu don.so, go to this place and enjoy your great food with service of super friendly and nice service guys and girls. always great bibimbap! the food is not that pricy, but the drinks are pretty expensive.the place is pretty crowded so it is better to reserve a table in advance. i was craving watermelon soju after walking around all day during the summer, so my friends and i decided to try yamyam since it received good reviews on yelp. i really loved the watermelon soju from here. it was so refreshing and not too heavy on the soju. i also ordered the zampong (spicy soup with thick noodles, vegetables, and seafood) and the mung bean pancake (with vegetables and seafood). while the dishes weren't the best korean food that i've had, they were still satisfying and reasonably priced. the zampong could've used more seafood and the mung bean pancake could've used more seasoning, but overall i think everyone enjoyed their dinner. this is the great place to have a dinner with your friends. recommended you to share a starters together. i had no idea that there are loads of koreans in berlin. in fact, there are many second generation koreans there now which is evident given the number of korean restaurants we saw throughout the city.we came to berlin for the weekend - deprived of proper korean restaurants in zurich - thought we'd give yamyam a try as it was a recommendation from a friend. really glad we came here - this place is legit!there is a wide selection of korean food at this restaurant. usually korean restaurants stick to a few options to specialise in certain dishes. but these guys had everything from mandoo, dolsot bibimbap, gimbap, soups, etc. only negative for the restaurant is you had to pay for panchan... it's a shame but it's the norm in london so wasn't new to me.the service was fantastic. in fact, we were served by a german guy who spoke korean (as well as 6 other languages!!!) who was super friendly. everything tasted great - and this is coming from a us west coaster who is used to eating lots of korean food! best part is it's really priced well - definitely will be coming back! having travelled extensively in korea for five years i grew to love korean food. in my opinion it's the best hangover food that is also healthy ;-)) i had the craving for korean food for the aforementioned reasons so i went looking ;-))the place is located on a wonderful street with loads of fashion boutiques, jewellery, book shops, knick knacks and hair salons. it also happens to have a load of nice interesting cafes serving different types of asian food and so on. it was my first time in this part of berlin and, i loved it. there are loads of locals and tourists alike at the cafes looking cool, sipping drinks and eating. this place has a really nice menu with loads of side dishes like kimchi, pickled cucumber, spinach salad and so on. for me a korean meal without sides is not a meal ;-)) i ordered the beef mandu pan fried dumplings to start and a bibimbap for main. the sides were excellent as was the bibimbap. it was quite authentic taste, fabulous flavour and spicy. the mandu however, was nice but not what i would have expected. similarly the soup side was a bit too oily and lacked flavour. the service was a tad slow to start but then again, i was there before normal dinner time and staff were only getting ready for dinner as was the kitchen. as time went on it got a whole lot quicker. my craving for korean food was perfectly satisfied and i would happily come here anyday for a meal. it was not very expensive and food was excellent. must try the kimchi pizza next time, it looked delicious ;-)) very tasty dishes. service is not too fast (...) but it is worthwhile waiting.we tasted spinach salad, seaweed salad and dim sam and steer fried chicken with glass noodles and rice. everything was tasty.warmly recommended i ordered the bulgogi which was really yummy if not quite the level of spice/flavour i was hoping for. it's quite a small restaurant, which was fine for me since i was dining alone, but i imagine can be a bit of a pain if you want to go in a large group. the food was served incredibly quickly - i'm talking roughly 5mins - which i'll admit made me a little suspicious of its quality but it was very good. staff were nice, although there was a shift change during my meal which meant i had to pay before i'd finished eating. it was a bit strange but i preferred it as it meant i didn't have to wait about after eating for the bill (but i imagine some people would be annoyed by this interruption). overall, tasty food, nice enough staff and incredibly quick service. worst service, they interrupt you from eating, and ask you to pay because of the shift change!! then you can't even pay by card even though they stating so.besides, some things on the menu are never available!the place has become a joke, unlike the friendly vibes you'd get years ago. i like this place, the waiters are very sweet and the food is so god! i love the bibimbap, the bulgoggi and the fried dumplings! decent korean spot. would def recommend the fried mandu (we got steamed and they were a tad gummy) and the bulgogi bowl. cool outside seating on a mild berlin night. yuuummmm! speedy service n' spicy goodness all over. the bibimbap comes out sizzling in a hotpot and their seafood soup is a sea haven of clams/shrimp/usw. recommend! i can't believe we found a decent korean place in germany. i had the babimbap and it was pretty authentic and tasted great. unfortunately i have to take a star off the banchan (side dish) they were so expensive when we usually get them complementary elsewhere.  i also had a glass of green tea for 3 euro. a bit pricey for tea bag in glass of lukewarm water. so delicious! ordered a couple dishes to share and both were amazing. we definitely considered going back a second time in our short stay. yamyam had been better back in the days. it's stil good no doubt and probably still the best place to have some bibimbap but their sidedishes are now simply some kimchi instead of the variety they used to had. the interior is minimalistic and the waiter are really nice. i have plenty of data points about korean restaurants, and somehow because of that, i can only give three stars to this establishment. somehow, there's something lacking, some extra oomph to make it feel above average.a companion and i were here for lunch today, and while all of the outside tables were occupied, we went in, where there were plenty of space. we took a seat, and were promptly attended to. we ordered a steamed mandu to share, as well as a bulgogi for my companion, and a bibimbap for myself. the mandu was okay, but we actually ordered the vegetarian one, but got the seafood instead. oh well. the bibimbap was well, average. something felt missing, but i couldn't put my finger to it. the hot sauce was not hot enough; i had to douse myself bibimbap with two swirls of the hot sauce just so that it would have a kick. oh, i forgot, i am in germany.overall, it is okay. i have a feeling that they tailor the tastes to german palates, but otherwise, it is good enough. it won't prevent me from searching for other places, though. the food and service at yam yam was amazing!!! i would definitely recommend this place to everyone that travels to berlin so delicious! we ordered a steak bowl, a chicken bowl, veggie sushi, appetizers, and multiple orders of dumplings. the food was great and the staff was friendly and helpful in seating our group. the bill wasn't too expensive with all of the food that we ordered. hands down, best korean food i've had in a long time. jajangmyeon?jjajang myun?zha jiang mian? here at yamyam it's cha chang myun, but alternate spellings aside all you really need to know is that their take on this classic black bean sauce noodle dish is super scrumptious. seriously, the stuff is faultless and would stand up to any authenticity test; its savoury, inky sauce studded with pork, onions and potato. and it comes with a side of kimchi! i could not ask for more.except maybe for yamyam to accept credit cards. my dining companion and i might have liked to sample more from the menu but only had 15 between us. as a result we had to forgo our thirst beyond tap water (though a beer would have been nice with the noodles) and our hunger beyond my cha chang myun and her rice bowl (no mandu for us!)i suppose the good news here is that you can have a totally filling meal for 15. just make sure you bring the cash to pay for it! was craving bibimbap so i came here with my two friends. as good as i've had it in my favorite store in the states, so i'm pretty happy. chill place but can get crowded quickly! second time in berlin and second time we've visited yam yam. we've never been to korea, so can't compare its authenticity, but it's very tasty and the portion sizes are generous. it's also not pricey. food was excellent and reasonably cheap, 10eurp each for a beer +food. as an avid korean food lover i have to say this is definitely some of the best i've ever had.went with 4 friends and we had 2 orders of bibimbap and 3 orders om ramyum and no one was disappointed. my chinese friend and i were in the area and i told her i was hungry and she recommended yam yam and when i asked her how it was she said "very mediocre" so i skipped on the opportunity. a couple days later i was craving korean food and my fellow korean friend, who unfortunately is no longer in berlin, left me with recommendations of korean food since i'm new to the city including yam yam, so i went today for dinner. let me just say that probably the first time in my life that i wish i listened to my chinese friend about this korean restaurant because it was very mediocre.we ordered:tuna kimbap: decent, could be better, a lot thinner than traditional kimbapbulgogi dupbap: not too enough meat but even if there were it was still very mediocre, kind of salty but not enough seasoning of the right ingredients, could be worse but definitely could be betterseafood jjambbong: the soup wasn't spicy at all, my husband said "too sweet"kimchi: not very flavorfulpickled cucumber: goodbiggest flaw: have to pay for side dishes?!? i was flabbergasted. paid 2,50 euros for a pickled cucumbers... pretty unhappy about that. offer a banchan (side dish) set for two for around 12 euros... absurd. koreans are known for their side dishes and why i have to pay extra is beyond me. not kid friendly: no high chairs, have booths though but still uncomfortable. have us a small spoon and a small bowl for my son which was nice though :)service: good, friendly and nicei'm not sure if we ordered the wrong thing, but i won't be coming back, which is a shame because it's so close. if i ever happen to and i have a better experience, then i'll change my review. reasonably cheap, considering mitte. the veggie bibimbap was fine, though the rice wasn't as elastic and thick as i'd like. very attentive service. it's a relatively small space -- i went in the early lunch rush, when i already had to share a table with some other people, and by the time i left, people were queueing outside.	1	0	1	0	1
 supeebthis place rock! the owner was great and the staff even better!!!delicious !! protip: make a reservation! we went on a monday night and there was a two hour wait at 8pm. the portion sizes here are humongous! they have a good beer selection from around germany that i didn't see at other restaurants around berlin. i had an appetizer and it filled me up just fine. the berliner special (i think that's what it was called) was huge. everything on the plate was great! by the time we were done our food we didn't have any room for dessert. they have their own sherry and brandy's as well. the inside had dark walls and the decor looked like it was there for a while. the room we were in had old beer signs, giant bottles of beer, and what looked to be old bottles of beer as well (with the dust on the beer bottles). overall, a good place to go if you're ever in berlin. apparently, this was a place that served east german food. we thus expected lots concrete and boring versions of the german food we know. boy, were we wrong.the name ought to stem from the fat lady who owned the place for a long time, and i can see why. the place is crammed with tiny objects, souvenirs, paintings and decorations, like a home where every guest wanted to leave a piece of themselves as thanks. we ordered the schnitzel, and received the most intimidating beast i have ever encountered. it was accompanied by a wonderfully sour potato salad, which was well needed to beat this formidable opponent. after eating what seemed like three ordinary schnitzels each, the three hungry men were forced to give up. the waitress looked at us just like a fat grandmother who expects you to eat until you explode, and commented on the decadence of students. five stars for humour, for great beer, for great service, and for the largest schnitzel i have ever seen. went to dicke wirtin my last night in berlin, on advice from the concierge at my hotel. as others have said, make a reservation!! i was solo, but barely got in and sat at the end of the bar. the service was friendly, but just a little rushed (i guess due to the crowd). i had a special - the berlin plate. it was great. good sampling of several menu items, including meatball, pork roast, and currywurst. i didn't enjoy the meatball as much as the rest, but the plate overall was great. good portion size (especially compared to plates i saw on other tables - giant schnitzel!) and inexpensive. definitely make the trip here, but reserve your spot! oiy. i did a lot of research for good restaurants prior to our vacation. i picked this place because of all the positive reviews, so we took a taxi to and fro our hotel and to be honest, it wasn't worth it. maybe my expectations were higher because of the reviews, but it was average. kitschy atmosphere and nice enough staff. was just expecting more. portion sizes are ridiculously big. this is a great restaurant that serves excellent traditional german food. my daughters and i all had different dishes and were impressed on how delicious they each were. i would recommend this to anyone. group of five with a baby, they were very friendly and accommodating. the service was overall great. tried different dishes. all were very nicely plated, tasted yummy and were plenty. the eisbein was huge but not roasted and had unfortunately no crackling. they seem to have a good selection of liquors and snaps but we didn't taste any. the ambient was good but there was some 80s or 90s pop music playing in the background. we loved this restaurant on our last trip to berlin. it's a hole in the wall with traditional flair, which i like. i had eisbein the pork knuckle, which i couldn't finish but it was delicious. beers were awesome too. we loved it so much we came here often as our hotel was just around the corner. so, of course this time in berlin we had to come back and visit. since our last experience was so wonderful, we were really looking forward to coming back. our hotel this time was in potsdamer but we back trekked here. the service i would say is still better than most german places. quite a few patrons are americans and others speak german, not sure if they're locals. i ordered a traditional german dish with sausages and liver pate. i liked the liver pate but the rest is not to my taste. if you come here, stick to the usual fare of eisbein and schnitzel. the prices are reasonable. one thing though (and this seems to be the practice by many touristy places in berlin), the restaurants make sure they write "tips not included" in english. i don't think germans usually tip. so, i don't particularly appreciate this practice. it's taking advantage of us good natured americans traveling abroad. when in rome, do the romans do. i don't mind tipping but we shouldn't be singled out and expected to tip when it's not a local custom. i hope they keep up the good food and cozy atmosphere because i think if not careful, this place might become a casualty of a tourist trap. got authentic german food here and fantastic beer on tap! their white asparagus soup was fantastic, and so was my order of sirloin and spaetzle! thanks for a wonderful experience of german cuisine! i took a chance because i wanted an authentic local dish and ordered the "berlin style" beef liver, even though i generally wouldn't order that out. (even calves/veal liver can be bad in a dozen different ways!) it was cooked perfectly and with the sauce, roasted onions, and apple, it was absolutely amazing! i don't want to know what was in the mashed potatoes to make them as tasty as they were either.finished with the house made hazelnut brandy, and that too was amazing.great find.reason for missing star: the concept of "tip not included" (stamped on bill, in english, and pointed out) really doesn't work with typical german table service, and i have no idea if ~17% was more or less than expected. also they only supply a butter knife, which is a bit lacking. tried this place on recommendation of the front desk at our hotel. it was about a block away so very convenient for the first day of our arrival to berlin. the inside is very cozy and somewhat dark with a bar area and then restaurant area in the back with multiple rooms. probably more confortable in winter. we sat outside on the sidewalk tables. overall the place was great with good german style food, very large portions for germany, good beer, pleasant serve, and convenient location to a few of the hotels and the berlin zoo s-bahn about 10 minute walk down the street. they were serving specials of mushroom entrees based on the time of year, which was great, and we tried a couple of those. they were tasty and different than what i was used to in bavaria. my wife also liked what she got, and we ended up going back a second time for a quick lunch again towards the end of our trip. the food was not my favorite of the trip, but was very good. the server was great, although sometimes a little slow for folks in a hurry. i agree with another review that for a restaurant in germany to have stamped on the bill in english that tip was not included was a little odd. for kids this is a good place, they have a separate kids menu and also crayons and coloring paper. amongst the throng of german restaurants in berlin, i felt welcomed and comfortable in this cozy, divey restaurant that serves great beers and even better traditional german food.the atmosphere is kind of like the german version of cheers, a divey-but-cool restaurant bar with televisions showing german soccer and whatever sports is on at the moment. service is friendly and there is a good mix of both tourists and locals. dicke wirtin is also located in the lovely charlottenburg neighborhood.the schweinebraten (bavarian pork roast) was delicious! it was served wiith a light brown sauce drizzled over, and it was tender, juicy and cooked to perfection, along with the soft, pillowy potato dumplings and sweet pickled cabbage that it came with. really nicely done. i also got to try their pork schnitzel, and it is quite good (pounded thin and deep fried, so you are eating a pork cutlet about the size of your kid's head). wunderbar!i also sat at the bar and talked it up with the bartender on duty. he introduced me to berliner kindl weisse, a curiously cloudy, sour beer that, when added with a red (rasberry) or green (i'm still not sure what flavor that was) accompaniment, gives the beer a different, kiddy-like desserty taste, kind of like a belgian lambic. refreshing, but definitely not a drink for tough guys... :)overall great pub experience with friendly locals and servers. nice spot to feel like you're in germany cos, well, you are in berlin, aren't you...? fantastic food, fun servers. it was a little awkward when we first arrived as no one seated us for a bit. however, when we were seated, our servers were funny and welcoming.quirky interior, all themed around the fat landlady. i order the beef goulash with potato dumplings and red cabbage- yum! portions are generous and will leave you feeling very full. paired very well with a pilsner. lastly, we ordered the apple strudel for dessert. so good. my family and i were all smiles when we left. great experience! the food is good and authentic, it's just horribly slow and certain items seem way overpriced. this was my first meal in berlin as i came to visit a friend for a few days. she had made a reservation which they could not seem to find, but we were able to get a table anyway.i got the chicken entree and she got a pork dish. the chicken itself hit the spot--it was so soft that you could cut it with a fork. the flavors were spot on as well--seasoned beautifully and it had a nice almost char. the vegetables were fine, nothing to write home about. my friend enjoyed her pork--the portion was huge.service was so slow. it took 15+ minutes to get drinks (water and beer). crazy. our server, as nice as he was, also forgot things several times--we had to ask multiple times for the bill. in addition, a small water costs more than a beer--by a lot. i know this is germany, but come on. after 3 flights spanning 20 hours, i just wanted a water. oh well.the food was good but the service left a bunch to desire. great low key restaurant! we stopped in on our first night in berlin based on reviews we found online (and it was walking distance from our hotel). we didn't have reservations and ended up having to sit at the bar since there was nothing available. if you have a larger group or absolutely have to have a table i would highly recommend making a reservation even for a week-night.the place reminded me of a great local bar, a little dark inside, a energetic atmosphere, lots of conversation and laughter - just a nice chill place. the food however, was really good! we started with the asparagus soup (it was a special while we were there) and it was so good. my hubby ordered the schnitzel and it was huge! definitely bring your appetite for that one. it was nice and crispy, super thin, and everything a schnitzel should be. i ordered a chicken entree (i don't remember exactly what it was called) which was very well done and perfect for someone looking for something a little lighter.service was very polite and we really enjoyed our experience. i would highly recommend stopping in if you're looking for a laid back place to grab a drink or a bite to eat! excellent german pub grub and beer. well priced and authentic. ate with the family at this place as we had heard it had great german food. we're vacationing here and stayed nearby so thought we really lucked out. well sadly it was not to be. the currywurst was alright and their signature dish of fried pork cutlet while was great value for the portion size was nothing the write home about. the spetzle was alright, but the apple strudel was really doughy. the beer on tap was good but it's hard to find bad german beer honestly. now we get to the worst part...service was atrocious. we placed our order and waited 30-40 minutes just for our dishes to come out. at the end our bill came and they had two items from another table that they incorrectly charged us for and instead of making it right by removing the items, they decided to just give us the drinks the other table had and left the bill the same. i mean seriously who does that!? sadly will not be recommending this place for good german food. traditional berlin cousine served in a friendly restaurant with history reaching back to the 1960s. the dishes could use more vegetables but a great choice if you are in the mood for homemade food (meat especially) with local flavour. they were rude and snotty at the start, showing up on a saturday night at 6:30 without reservations can do that i suppose. the food is amazing. had their goulash stew. tender meat, perfect sauce, overlaid on cabbage that i generally avoid but this was the most delicious red cabbage recipe in the world. cinnamon, who knew? great beers, ambience (once they warmed up). very authentic german place tucked away here. i'm giving it 5 stars even with the initial snubbing. it's really that good. conveniently located just a block from our fantastic hotel the steinplatz. we were looking for authentic german cuisine and we got exactly what we were looking for. excellent excellent excellent in all aspects. thursday night the place was lively with live german music and they were packed. however, we were greeted at the door with a big welcome and offered drinks at the bar while we waited and had a table before we got our drinks. beer selection was good - classic german - and everyone was so friendly.we got a table in the back room - cozy and warm and the air filled with music and laughs from other diners. the waiter took our order and a second waitress assisted. food was delivered hot and it was awesome. food: i had two beers, schneider weisse and schwarzbier. both were good. for food, i got a plate of sausages, potatoes, and sauerkraut. they were all excellent. i would definitely come back for their food.service: english is almost useless here, so bring a german speaking friend if you can. otherwise, service is pretty decent. it was super busy when we got there and you could tell that the wait staff was running around trying to get to everybody.location: since the place was packed, my friends and i had to sit outside. if you're intolerant of smoking, make sure you try and pick a table that's not downwind or you'll be breathing in second hand smoke the entire time. great food, great service. i recommend anything with mushrooms and cream sauce-they make that perfectly. nice traditional "no-nonsense" place serving very reasonable food with very reasonable prices. i had a wienerschnitzel which was bigger than my plate, not quite the best schnitzel i've had but certainly worth four stars in my book. and size meant there was no need for starter or dessert... price was around 12 so not too bad at all in this popular savigny platz area. service was quick & friendly, waiter even gave a quick lesson on german language :-) oh and they have quite reasonable beers too, such as stuff from kloster andechs. we went here based on the yelp reviews looking for german cuisine. my wife had the knigsberger klopse mit rote bete und salzkartoffeln (meatballs with boiled potatoes) and i took the bratheringe mit zwiebeln & bratkartoffeln (two pickled fried herrings with onions & fried potatoes). we both enjoyed our meal - the food was well prepared and as expected. unfortunately, we had to sit outside and it was a bit on the cold side. our beer was the usual german offering which to us is not very impressive if you are used to the californian specialty beers. overall, a pleasant and inexpensive experience and the service was friendly. great spot for a low key meal in berlin! we arrived in berlin late on friday night and wanted to grab a quick meal near our hotel. we arrived to a completely packed pub/restaurant - but luckily there was a couple occupying the end of a large table and they were kind enough to share.upon reviewing the menu we decided on the currywurst and potato salad to start, along with a few helles beers. berlin loves their currywurst but this one was really nice and the potato salad was so tasty.for mains we got the beef roulade with cabbage and dumplings, the pork with cabbage and dumplings, the smoked pork chops and the potato crusted white fish. all of the dishes were so nice. my beef roulade was well seasoned and paired perfectly with the slightly sweet red cabbage. the place had great food and a nice atmosphere for those just wanting a beer. would return! our hotel suggested this restaurant as an authentic german restaurant. we came for lunch. we really enjoyed this place. the menu was in english and german. the restaurant has indoor and outdoor seating. decently priced. overall we enjoyed it our server was very nice! we would definitely this place! i had the berlin platter which was pretty large and assorted. enjoy!!! best meal i had in berlin. huge portions, speedy service, delicious authentic german food. while one waiter was a little cold, the other was super friendly and funny, and had english menus for us. get the shnitzel and sptzle and strudel!!! a loose translation of the name to english would be "the fat landlady", which is congruent with the signage for the establishment.this is a good value source of german comfort food in a quiet, leafy part of west berlin (far enough away from the ku'damm to not attract too many tourists), and, as is often, but counter-intuitively the case in the captial of europe's biggest economy, good value too.service is good, and - again as is now an expectation in berlin - no need to worry about the language barrier. great restaurant for genuine german food. i had the the geschnetzeltes "grunewald" (steak strips with a mushroom cream sauce and spaetzle), for dinner the other night and currywurst for lunch today and both were excellent. however, it still does not beat the best currywurst, only found at a schnell imbiss, (sidewalk stand). die dicke wirtin translate to "the fat landlady." they do not have pommes frites (french fries) with their huge currywurst (which i believe is a must for a "berlin currywurst") however you can ask for bratkartoffeln (fried potatoes) which are outstanding..... great german food, very fair prices and huge portions. we were a large group and everyone enjoyed the ambiance, great staff and german specialties. my schnitzel was the size of my plate and the german potato salad was dreamy. we would definitely come back again.	0	0	1	0	1
 i have been coming here for the past 4 years atleast once (often more ;) ) a month. hands down the best "fast food" place in the city. the worst burrito i had here was still on a level of greatness.never been dissapointed in the food.the only minus point is that the music can sometimes be a bit loud. loved this spot! the only issue is that it's cash-only but i loved how much variety they had. it's essentially a chipotle which more variety in their flavors. i ordered a chicken quesadilla and had a wonderful smoky, spicy mayo sauce. i loved how friendly and fast the service was and i would definitely recommend since they have english menus and were very friendly to tourists. just don't forget to bring cash! there is also an atm around the corner. this is the first good mexican restaurant i've eaten at in berlin--and i've tried quite a few. i had their dolores chicken in a burrito, and my companion had the pork carnitas in a regular burrito. both were very tasty, similar to qdoba or chipotle in the us. my biggest criticism would be that 1) there were not a lot of chips included with the burrito bowl, 2) the chips were placed on top of the bowl, so i and many others i saw had to put them on the table to eat, and 3) the chips were too weak to scoop up any of the food. besides that, it was a great experience. i enjoyed their mint lemonade, and they also had quality san franciscan beer (as well as their own brand, which we did not try). on the 6th day of your stay in berlin, the day when you've been really good about truly enjoying schnitzel and wurst and senf and alles gut and you come up out of the u-bahn station and you say, yes. yes, i want to eat a burrito. and you find a burrito shop with a map on the entire wall with all words you can read because it's a map from california, and the burritos are huge and tasty and lovely, and the guacamole is amazing, and the peach tea is peachy deliciousness- but you are in germany so there is no ice - this is the poetry of the place, now in its 12th year. enjoy! we come here quite often and is as good as mexican fast food can get. i always go for the burrito or the burrito bowl. wicked beef is really wicked and i also love carnitas and fresh avocado. i always go for the extra guacamole, as they really make a good one. the food always tastes really fresh and they make it in front of you. another positive thing is that you never have to wait more than 5 min to get the food, even if the place is fully packed. also, you have to try their juices, especially the peach one is really good for my taste, but they are all really refreshing. i really enjoyed dolores, great food, friendly and helpful staff, and it's quick! tons of vegan and vegetarian options. i ordered the bowl with pinto beans, fajita veggies, lime rice, salsa crudo and guacamole. it was delicious especially the guacamole! all the ingredients tasted fresh, the pinto beans had a nice flavor, and i really liked the salsa. next time i'll try the habanero, to add a little more heat. just got back from a trip to europe and doing reviews of some of the places we ate. had the vegan lover burrito here and i thought it was very good. main difference i noted compared to us burritos was that the mexican rice in the burrito had an orangey citrus flavor instead of lime. great tacos and chips! i got beef and chicken tacos and both were great! i would definitely go back and try their burritos. i have been here two times now. it's a lot like chipotle, but a lot cheaper. i found it to be perfect on my 4th day in berlin and i had been out day drinking at the bars and needed a little something to fill me up. i had a burrito bowl with the delores chicken and found it delicious. on my last night here, i went right before closing and got a burrito that i put in my room for later and it was a perfect ending to a lovely night out with friends (me in bed with a burrito telling it how much i loved it). is it authentic mexican food? no. is it tasty california mexican fast food? yes. i really have to give it to dolores when it comes to burritos. this is the closest you'll come to mission style burritos anywhere in berlin, period. the salsa looks and tastes like real salsa. one thing i noticed though, nowhere in berlin can you find carne asada burros, why is that?. if anyone knows of a place, please let me know. that said, here i can get a damn good burrito if i'm homesick, wishing i was back in san francisco by looking at the muni map on the wall and the bart station by my house. the guacamole and all the salsas i've tried so far are tasty and really have some oomph to it. note to the owner, is it possible to get carne asada on the menu? after all, it's just flank steak. other than that, i love this place...ps: they even have anchor steam beer!!! i love dolores a lot and i even prefer this place over the one at alexander platz because this one is a.) slightly biggerb.) less crowdedc.) also has tartes. fuck yeah.the burritos at dolores are simply dope. you can choose between different salsas, rice, veggies and grilled stuff such as meat or soy meat. i already found my favourite combination but if you are clueless the staff is always giving you some advice.since i only order mine with smoky corn soy meat i can't say mich about the other fillings. (but i'm pretty sure the soy meat is the best anyway)it depends on which days you drop by but usually your food comes within 10min. depending on how you fill your burrito you can get away with either 4,50 or 6,50. i'm here quite often so give it a try when you are close by and don't want to spend a lot of money on trashy food around ku'damm. i am torn between 3 & 4. food is delicious. authentic. and finally in berlin! however, both our orders came other than we had ordered. black beans were suddenly pinto beans. cheese or sour cream. we chose cheese and got sour cream.  wish there was a good selection of mexican beer too. salsas were great. tortilla chips fresh. both the chicken and carnitas yummy.  i think they have it all perfect and then they hire a non knowing worker who builds the tacos and burritos how he/she wants .... and you best take it that way cause you are in berlin and complaining about an order gets you nowhere. this little place with remind you of chipotle (if you're american) or pinto (if you're british.) the only gluten containing ingredient is the burrito wrap, so you can get bowls, tacos or nachos. they can also easily accommodate vegetarians and vegans. i had the easy chicken bowl and it was pretty good. the black beans were my favorite component. good option if you've got dietary requirements! best burritos in berlin, hands down. the carnitas are to die for, the chipotle mayo is heavenly, the staff is super friendly, and, most importantly, the soundtrack in this place is amazing. only downside: cash only. food really good. we ordered klassiker burritos - naughty pork and wicked beef. everything fresh and only 5 minutes waiting . food was not very good. the chips are great but everything else is not very good. we had tacos and burritos. this place is the best mexican style food you can get in berlin. it's like mexican fast food from the u.s. (chipotle or qdoba). not extremely authentic but still tasty! it's good if you are missing those flavors and want a quick bite to eat :) this is as close to a mission style burrito in europe you'll get. another review said it wasn't authentic mexican but closer to californian. that person should know that burritos were invented in the mission district of san francisco, not mexico. the guacamole was a little funky, but they stood upright as a true mission burrito should. disappointing is the best word to describe my meal - the carnitas tacos- the tortillas were soggy, the flavor was awful. the pico de gallo type salsa was decent. the chips and salsa - not so good... hopefully the other high rated mexican restaurants in berlin are better than this... for sure my favorite burrito place in berlin. prices are not too bad, could be better. the food is really good. one thing i really really don't like about it: the staff seems to never clean the tables throughout the day - too bad: if the hygiene would be better, it would be a whole different experience! additionally they aren't friendly at all... sometimes they seem to be forced to work there. so, if you need a burrito to go: good place to go! ;) the best burritos in berlin. too bad the staff doesn't spend less time looking bored and more time cleaning the filthy tables and floor. the extra loud rap music doesn't help the dining experience either. still, this location is 100-percent better than the one in mitte, where the staff borders on hostile. updatebetter music, much friendlier staff and a cleaner space since my last review. well-done dolores! a great place to drop by for a delicious and fresh cali-mex meal. definitely great prices for a nice amount of food. banging burritos, eatable enchiladas, crackin corn chips are fucking fire dont forget the quacamole its tha bomb.the toilets are pretty shit so do you busniess at home before venturing into this establishment. other than that its great grub i fucking love this place. good casual mexican restaurant near the kadewe department store fronting the wittenbergplatz. specializes in "california-style" burritos but the 3 tacos i had made (from a selection of different fillings) were very good. the corn tortillas that were used for the tacos were excellent and freshly made. popular place and very reasonably priced. i'll be back... solid burritos and salsa here. you can see the staff making fresh salsa all the time in the kitchen. good variety of meat and veggies options. i had the " vegan friend" last night and it was great. homemade lemonade is a great choice to wash it all down we ate a burito here for lunch. i had the "naughty chicken". tasteful, juicy and a good amount of heat. recommended for a quick lunch just awful. food was tasteless. our burrito was suppose to be spicy, but it was not. guacamole and lemonade were okay. yep, giant overstuffed burritos (or overflowing from a bowl) in berlin!if you need a california gourmet burrito fix when you are visiting berlin, dolores is the place! i have been here a couple of times when visiting berlin. the fresh guacamole and homemade chips are worth the trip alone. plenty to choose from as far as fillings go, including vegetarian options!i usually enjoy the chicken burrito with black beans and habanero salsa. plenty of flavor and plenty of food. they have fresh, homemade, teas or lemonades as well.it can be crowded and kind of loud during the lunch rush, but definitely worth the trip! this place is a healthy fast food option for a quick bite. ambience, staff and music are fun. nothing to chill or hang out at but enjoy a quick bite with vibrancy. dont expect authentic mexixan food, rather an adjusted california-mexican cuisine. check out the bowl with beans, salad, salsa, sour cream, veggies and add guacamole for the full flavor. every time i eat there i feel satisfied. truth be told, i like this dolores better than the one in mitte. maybe it's because, if berlin were the us, it's kind of like the west coast equivalent (as opposed to something in the midwest), and that small amount of closeness is effective enough. no, that's silly. it's actually because it's simply a better location.here at wittenbergplatz, there is ample seating in dolores, and the floorplan is far more generous than the cramped quarters in mitte. the music is decidedly hipper (or maybe it just was when we visited). the panel with the order numbers displayed is also preferred to the yelling employees at the other location; when you eat there, if you eat outside or in the backroom, you have to always pay attention to hear your number over the loudness of the dining environs. additionally, i like the framed prints up over the food prep area-they go well with the theme.as for the food itself, it's on par with the other location. so that means good, although i am annoyed they still insist on paper as opposed to aluminum foil. also, the burrito-wrapping skills of employees could definitely be improved. but i guess whether or not it actually falls apart midway through doesn't matter when it all ends up in the same place: my belly.	1	0	1	0	1
 legit burger spot here in berlin! i loved it here so much that during my week long stay, i ate here twice haha. first, the location is super cute and convenient if you're anywhere a u-bahn station. after you exit the schlesisches tor station, walk down the stairs and look across the street and burgermeister is right there located under the tracks! i ate here during the winter so while it is outdoor dining only, they do put up plastic covers to make it a tent for some warmth. first time i went here, it was for a late lunch on a weekday so i didnt have any lines...then the 2nd time was on a weekend for lunch and what a difference that made! the line moved decently fast though and from standing in line to getting our food took us like 20ish min. as for the food itself, while the menu isnt exactly in english, a lot of these words are fully recognizable so ordering shouldn't be too difficult if you don't know german...plus the staff was really helpful and spoke english. went with the standard cheeseburger both times and its just so good - lots of texture, freshness and flavor with all the ingredients. oh and its served in the cutest holder so taht you canput down your burger in between bites and it stands upright! your burger won't fall over and all the fillings wont fall out haha...also would highly recommend the chili cheese fries - good ol' nacho cheese and chili on top of some steak fries...down it all with a bier and you're set for a great meal and its affordable at that! probably less than 10 euros for burger, fries and a drink. a must visit when in berlin! this place was amazing! probably one of the best fast food style burgers i have ever had.most burger places make themselves better by providing larger pieces of meat, or making the burger giant sized to compensate for not having any way of making the burger taste better. but at burgermeister, the size was normal, and they didn't feel a need to giant size their burger to make it better, they were able to make it good by just showcasing the best they had in the size given.the hausmeister burger was excellent, the bun was amazing, the bacon was super delicious, the patty was really well cooked. it just all came together to be an amazing burger, at an excellent price, and in a fast food setting. i really wish we had one of these in the states, cause i'd be there all the time. i am a cheeseburger fanatic, and this place definitely doesn't disappoint! we went around 3pm and didn't have to wait very long to order or for our food. we both just got a plain cheeseburger and fries (and of course, a couple of beers). the burger was cooked perfectly, and the crispy and buttery bun made the entire meal. i can still taste it! there wasn't very much seating however, and some funky tables with piping as chairs, which was unique. but if you want a delicious, no-frills, reasonably-priced, awesome meal, this is where you should go. menu was easy to understand in english and the staff were very accommodating! this is some five guys/in-n-out/shake shack tier burger. it was so damn good that i had it three times in 5 days. the meat was cooked perfectly, the barbecue sauce added that zing, and the bread was solid. also, cheese fries were absolutely drenched with cheese (they don't skimp at all). it was freaking awesome. i absolutely love this burgermeister! i ordered the meisterburger, which had bacon, lettuce, onion, tomato, and a type of barbecue sauce. it came out hot and fresh! absolutely filling and yummy; i highly recommend ordering. in addition to the burger, i ordered cheese fries. they came out crispy, hot, and full cheese! there were no disappointments with the cheese fries. the staff are super nice and respectful. the atmosphere is not our typical restaurant. very alternative as the area is rugged and has no real seats. but, there are metal bars with pads to sit on and wooden tables that you can just stand at if you do not want to sit. overall, this place has great burgers and fries, pleasant staff, and good vibes even with the unorthodox restaurant setting. after eating all type of burgers in us, i must say that this place is really on top of their game when it comes to quality, taste, service and size :)great juicy burgers, all tasted so fresh and well made on the moment! highly recommended! outstanding, might be the best fast food burger i've had anywhere in the world. we tried the meisterburger, the beef and bacon were cooked perfectly, and the cheese was really good as well. fries were crispy and really addictive. service friendly and we didn't have to wait too long either. hope to come back someday! if you're in berlin, this is a must have. the line will always be around the block, but it moves quickly and there is free wifi. grab a beer while waiting and just enjoy! everyone on the line is super chill and cool, so you'll make friends. the people you're on the line with, you'll probably end up sharing a table with, so play nicely! if you're feeling daring, order the double with everything on it. grab extra napkins, you're going to need them. well, don't need a lot of words for a review about burgermeister...very berlin (small take away in old men lavatory under the sbahn railway bridge), very popular (prepare to queue for at least 20min, best case scenario), very very good (definitely in my burger top 3 worldwide! their burgers are just perfect!) and very very cheap (you can count around 4,50 for a burger and 2,50 for cheese fries - don't bother taking the normal ones haha).compulsory stop when in berlin ! when looking for this restaurant rated in the top 10 in berlin, you might find yourself driving right by it. the restaurant is actually a small shop that looks like a truck trailer with windows located below the oberbaum bridge. if you're looking for a large sit down restaurant, burgermeister is not the place for you. however, if you're looking for great burgers and fries at a low price at a place that is open late, you'll love burgermeister.i am told there are usually long line-ups. we went there after the red hot chili peppers concert at the mercedes benz arena (which is close by) and there were about 20 people in line. the line moves quickly however the wait for your food is actually a bit longer. it took us about 20 mins to get our food.they offer a variety of burgers and fries. we had the bbq burger and the chili cheese fries and both were awesome. the burgers are the right size (they also have a double burger if you're really hungry) and the chili cheese fries were insanely good!the small interior does get a it rowdy, perhaps especially after a concert. one guy in there dropped 3 bottles of beer on the concrete floor which shattered all over the place and clean-up wasn't that quick and in fact didn't happen at all while we waited. the have stand up counters inside or a few stand/sit tables outside.for a quick and tasty treat, burgermeister is awesome. what could possibly be the best reward after running the berlin marathon? burgermeister of course!!! i always liked it while i was living in berlin, it tasted even better this time. you have to queue a bit but it's worth it. burgers are delicious (and cheap!!), fries with cheese are a killer and the atmosphere under u-schlesisches tor is cool!definitely a must do in berlin, no matter what time of the day! great fast food style burger and fries, although the queues tend to become longer and longer. awesome burger place with a really cool location. glad i stumbled on this place while i was in the area. the wait can be long but is well worth it and people move on from the standing tables pretty frequently. the burgers are super cheap and cooked perfectly with a crispy exterior and juicy inside. well worth stopping by if you're in the area. if you're really craving a greasy and delicious burger then burgermeister is your place! at first i didn't realize that there are multiple burgermeister locations in berlin but i'm glad we came to this one. this is basically a cool food stand location under a bridge with some standing tables available to make eating your messy burger more convenient. if you come during prime lunch time like we did, do expect to wait about 15-20 minutes or so (as was the case for us).in terms of taste, this wasn't really a life changing burger for me but it was still pretty delicious. the prices here are also reasonable as you can expect to get a burger for around 5-7 euros. overall - no regrets here. definitely deserves its high ratings!! the buns are amazing, i would eat it by itself without anything. i ordered the hausmeister and it was really tasty, came with cheese,bacon,lettuce and onions. make sure to try their chili sauce too as it adds extra flavor. burgermeister is definitely better than the ordinary fast food burgers i've had although i guess a little bit on the pricier side for fast food (4.90 euros for mine) but the taste and portion is definitely worth the price! great burgers with awesome fries and service. be prepared for a short wait and limited seating, but it's worth it. wish we had the opportunity to visit more than once while we were in town. i got the spicy burgermeister with a bier, and it was delicious. it was the perfect balance of cheese, burger and bun ratio. the jalapeos were a great kick. we got there early so there wasn't a line, recommended you do the same because you won't eat a table the line gets really long hey, burgermeister is pretty darned good. it's got a very nice crispy exterior, juicy meat, and a potatoey bun with fresh veggies. perhaps a little less cookthrough, and a more complex sauce would take it to the next level. this place is clearly a favorite amongst those living in the area, and for good reason. the service is friendly, the food comes out quick, and it's really quite good. my husband loves the place, and i often accompany him and order french fries there. french fries are superb! this time my review is not about food quality, although my husband defines the place as second best burger joint after the bird. it's about the unique spot. the place is located at the start of kreuzberg right on schlesisches tor. it's a green ornate iron... toilet. it used to be a toilet a century ago. but it still has a mnner sign near the ordering window. and it's the most beautiful ex-toilet i've ever seen. go for the best toilet burger! in terms of fame the place can be compared to mustafa's gemsedner, so be prepared to survive a long line, but these are not tourists, but party animals of kreuzberg. my husband always goes for meisterburger because of its special sauce. 4 because they are not vegan friendly ^^. but for meat eaters it's 5. i never expected one of the best burgers i'd eat would come from a former public toilet.burgermeister was our first stop after our hotel as we had heard nothing but rave reviews. i've had a lot of burgers in my time, but these were something else. served from what used to be a public toilet under a railway arch, the setting is the epitome of berlin's street food culture. the burgers were straight to the point and so damn cheap but also insanely delicious. so fresh, juicy and tender. from the outside it doesn't look like anything special, and when we arrived there wasn't much of a queue so we were a bit sceptical, but we must have just timed it right as the queue was right out the door when we were leaving!the ordering system is efficient, you're given a number after ordering and wait a few minutes until it's ready. saves on crowding the serving hatch, which is good in such a small space. it's not a sit down place, but there is heating and shelter so it's not the end of the world. drinks menu isn't too extensive, but as i said before it's cheap enough to overlook. i don't want to admit it, because it's so far away from home, but it might just be the best burger i've ever had. the lines here are always long regardless of when you go. for us it was around a 30 minute wait, but you know it should be worth it when every single garbage can in a 200 meter radius is filled with burgermeister boxes. the line moves pretty fast and it was definitely worth it.i'm almost ashamed to admit my favourite meal in berlin was a burger, but man was it a good burger. our whole crew ordered meister burgers and not a single crumb was left behind. chilli fries were good too, but the burgers were spectacular. probably one of best burgers to pass my lips, if not the best. i stuck with the classic cheeseburger and it did not disappoint. ticking all the burger boxes; solid, juicy and flavourful patty, good quality soft bread, cheese melted just enough, topped with pickles and onions. wish i was eating one right now.this little burger kiosk located essentially on a median strip at the intersection of a busy road, serves burgers, beers, and chips two ways.arrive early to get a seat, it's popular. it's a slightly dodge location, but that adds to the charm... maybe. on a previous visit to berlin i stayed nearby and passed burgermeister every time i went to the u-bahn station but never got round to checking it out. this burger joint in a former public toilet seemed to be popular day and night. this time, we were in the area not long after arriving in the city so joined the queue for our first meal there.it took quite a wait in the queue before we reached the counter to order, and then another wait for our number to flash up on the led to collect our food - probably about 30 mins in total. worth it though. we'd ordered a tofu burger and a meister aller klassen (double cheeseburger with bacon) with cheese fries. i don't eat meat but i thought the burger looked amazing - my oh declared it to be the best burger he's ever tasted and struggled to finish it as it was so mighty. i'm not usually the world's biggest tofu fan but this was really great, crispy on the outside with a tasty mango sauce on top (you can have mango or peanut sauce), mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles. the cheese fries went down well too, we had ours with jalapenos.there are tables but the 'seats' are actually bike stands - not the most comfortable, but gives you something to perch on while you eat. if you don't mind the queueing, you can have a really tasty and inexpensive meal from here. burger fun at midnight in berlin. yes. you need it. i need it. after drinks come here and recover. so popular at night. don't be dissuaded by the fact it was a fin-de-siecle toilet. ok, maybe not that old, but it was a toilet at one time. anyway, it is awesome. this place was awesome! if you're looking for an american style burger in germany then look no further. the menu is limited, but i wish i could try everything. the chili cheese fries are absolutely wonderful. they are also open super late which worked perfectly for me. the only trouble you might have is finding a place to sit. it was good to try the burger that they have but in my opinion there are much better burger places here in berlin than burgermeister. the prices are good from 4-6 .. the have french fries and you can add cheese on it but they don't have sweet potato fries. an i said it would be good to go and try the burger they have. since every other review here makes prominent mention of this burger stand being in a converted public toilet building, i'll simply add that nothing tickles me more than being able to tell people, especially american germophobes, that my last meal in berlin came from a men's room.the fact is, this place is street food done right. the burgers are grilled to perfection with a plethora of mouth-watering topping options, the bun is grilled too for that extra little bit of flavor, the fries are crispy and delicious, and the setting under the elevated train tracks is something brooklyn hipsters can only dream about. i actually made a special trip on the u-bahn from my hotel in mitte just to come here for lunch before heading to the airport, and i'm so glad i did. if this place were in dc it would win any conversation about best burger in town hands down. ah, delicious! ordered a cheeseburger well done with cheese fries. food was made in a timely manner, we stopped by around 2:30am. staff was very friendly and helpful nice atmosphere to hang with friends. best burger place i've had since being in berlin living in the states, i didn't really like burgers. then i moved to portugal where they make horrible burgers, and i gained a newfound apprecitaion for a gourmet american style burger. burgermeister's burger was amazing! i got the cheeseburger with bbq sauce and fries. the bbq sauce was thinner and sweeter than i expected but otherwise it was exactly what i imagined while i was waiting in line. besides the great food, there's also the seductive allure of getting your burger under a train bridge from a guy standing in a former public toilet. it's kitschy, cool, and weird.the line is super long and there is only limited table space, but the line does move fairly fast and you can always share a table with strangers and make new friends. the table i was at, the little german boy kept saying it was the best burger he ever had from a bathroom and i have to agree. gadaaaam this was a good cheeseburger. also got the meister burger which was amazing.	1	0	1	0	1
 thanks to the yelpers i've found this place!its super small inside and have few tables outside, so its very intimate to eat these huge burgers in front of strangers :)i've tried the bbq burger, it was quite good, with bulgarian feta inside, caramelized onions and greens on top of the beef patty. it tasted great just its just hard to eat it without making a complete mess :)try it out for sure! the burgers here are really pretty to look at as it is packed with condiments making the burgers very high and difficult to eat. the pattys usually are nicely pink and made medium if you dont tell them otherwise. the meat flavor is decent but the pattys are to compact and a bit overworked for my liking. if you are a fan of tons of lettuce and condiments on your burger, this is probably something for you. they have really tasty sweet potato chili cheese fries that should not be missed. prices are normal for berlin and nothing to complain about. service is very friendly. something to be aware of is that its a super-tiny place wich is not a problem during the summer when you can eat outside. when we where here the last time in dec it was crazy cold and the door was hold open so it was not a very nice experience. i would say there are better options for a burger in berlin like the bird or tommis for example but my wife thinks this place is 5 stars so we tend to go here anyway......ha ha. had the godmother burger and it was heaven in a bun. a little messy to eat as i got halfway through, but it didn't matter. the flavors were distinct and delicious and the fries were great to boot. friendly, funny staff and a good hole-in-the-wall ambience. hipster without being horrible. fantastic burger!! amazing taste and cooked to absolute perfection. the cheeseburger includes fresh tomatoes, onions and sauces. the pommes and curly fries are unbelievably good. you won't be able to stop eating, it's that good. very much a hole in the wall worth going to. what else can i possibly add to the hundreds reviews that have been written for bbi?not much more, indeed.my friend and i discovered this place by pure chance, walking around neukolln district.we were not hungry at that moment so we decided to bookmark it on yelp (yes, i turned him into the wonders of yelp! :d) and try it out later on, maybe the same exact day.but it wasn't that day we tried it, it was the following night, when we were actually pretty starving and the neighborhood didn't offer any proper food place where to go. so we agreed bbi would be there to help us. and it did!the place itself is very small, and again, marketing choice. it's always crowded, people passing by get curious (as we were) and the flow is constant. there's pretty much non-stop amount of customers going in and out.it has a few seats inside and outside.my friend had a cheeseburger with bacon, pickles and some fancy sauces you only see in meal scenes in "how to make it in america". he said it was super good and i trust him, as the look was outstanding. and the fries we ordered were pretty good! the portion was huge though, i almost managed to finish them.my veggie burger on the other hand wasn't that spectacular. it was ok, trust me, but i've had many better ones. that's for sure!the consistency didn't convince me enough and it was pretty hard to have a bite without having all the "stuffing" falling apart and outside. and that's a con because i'd like to eat my burger without getting frustrated.apart from that, i liked the environment, the ambiance, i liked the service and the people behind the counter. and the prices are ok.i would sincerely give this place 3 stars as it's (just a bit) overrated, but i'll go with 4 as en encouragement.vi ses snart, bbi! amazing vegetarian burger and sweet potato chips. not super cheap but i'd gladly pay more and have a delicious burger than cheap tasteless one.the paddy is made with lots of love, so many different ingredients that i don't know where to begin. you will be very full and satisfied when leaving this place. prepare for a loooong queue. it took a us two years to eat here, because the queue was always massive! now we understand why the queue is always huge. we ended up happily queuing two days in a row, because they were that good. a tips could be to grab the burgers as take away and go to the kanal and eat. there are not many seats so this is what we prefer to do. this is my new fave burger place, try it try it! absolutely amazing quality product! i had the chicken burger with bulgarian sheep cheese and curly fries. it was beyond awesome. great customer service too! really small, authentic place, one of my favorites. i had the flash gorogozola. i liked all the flavors and all the ingredients were very fresh. despite being a tad pricey, the portion size is enormous. i also had the chili fries. i probably ate about 10% of the chili fries and i ate about 70% of the burger and was completely full. plan to go with someone to help you finish your meal! the chili cheese fries were good but needed more cheese (i did not see any cheese slices on it). the chili itself was very well made and comparable to other good chilis i've had in the states.meat quality was very good and all of the toppings were excellent. best part of the burger was the beef drippings mixing with melted gorgonzola bits, lettuce and aoili. soo gooood! if you're a fan of doorstopper burgers and beer, you will immediately fall in love with berlin burger international (bbi). this place is constantly busy for a very good reason. we visited twice during our two weeks in berlin, initially for beef chilli cheese and chicken burgers and the second time for grilled halloumi (a vegetarian option) and four cheese. each burger was better than the last, piled high with fresh salad, bacon and a generous slathering of sauce. the selection of fries were also excellent, ranging from chunky seasoned wedges to loaded chilli cheese. possibly the best chilli cheese fries of my life, which is a big call (i've, uh... sampled a lot). which leads me to one request: can berlin burger international please actually be international and set up a branch in australia? i volunteer as mascot, kitchen wench, fridge refiller, whatever you need. just give me free burgers, k thx.  anyway, the only drawback to this establishment is the fact that it's a tiny, hole-in-the-wall joint a dim interior and limited seating. get there early to ensure a space, or... just wait, people watch and sip on an ice cold beer. with the crowds comes pumping tunes, atmosphere and extra-ravenous hunger. the meal will be totally worth it. sometimes it's the little things. really cool burger place, i was really hungry, but as a low carber i was planning on ditching the bun, but there were no forks to be found which left me staring at a yummy burger i was at a loss on how to eat. it would not kill them to have plastic forks for such cases. one of the greatest burgers in town. especially try 3-kse-hoch burger.negatives are its mostly really crowded and there are only a few tables on the sidewalk that you have to wait for somebody to leave so, you can seat. visiting from toronto ,canada where we have our fair share of crazy good burger joints. sought this place out with my 18 year old connoisseur son. neighbourhood is a bit more gritty compared to others in berlin but mid afternoon it felt perfectly safe. a real hidden gem. had a burger, cheeseburger 2 cokes and 2 curly fries for 23 euro. they were big and juicy and delicious. really should have shared a frie. the inside is large enough to order and grab a drink from the fridge. there are about 4 large tables outside under a big umbrella where u can eat and people watch. it was an adventure and worth the trip. even though the poor guy working there was clearly hung over as hell, he managed to provide a great service. he didn't charge for our beverages as an apology for opening 20 minutes late (probably due to the suspected hangover). i felt sorry for the guy; imagine working in one of berlin's loudest and busiest burger-joints after a hard night out. despite this, he managed to smile, yell peoples names impressively loud, and even singing along to the eternal classics like "funky town" blasting from the speakers. anyway: really good burgers, and possibly the best chili-cheese fries of my life (and there has, sadly, been a lot). they make them with sweet potatoes! it's crazy busy, so you might have a wait to get your burger, but it will be worth it. it's not cheap by berlin standards, but they make up for it in having great food, atmosphere and service. absolutely the best burger i've had in my life. the place is really small (only 6-ish seats inside) but very hip and retro (you can even play the old nintendo). get the one with bacon and avocado and your taste buds will be sent to heaven. the chili cheese sweet potato fries are a big hit too! don't miss out on this if you are in berlin! just amazing burgers. i think the best one in berlin! it's a small place not far from gorlitzer park, very hipster and not expensive. very popular place, that's why sometimes you should wait 10-15 min for the place outside, but a better way to order it "take away".recommend to everyone! bbi serves massive burgers that are pretty good. shop is cool as well, with a mini arcade and some outdoor seating area. went here really late and had to wait in line quite a while, but was ultimately worth it. we went to bbi on a sunday for lunch. the place is quite small (3 tables and benches on the street, not really clean) so it was almost full. there is a lot of choice, the burgers are very original and you can add extra topping of... everything i could imagine. the portion are really big, the burgers are delicious. we shared a "fries and chili" for two and it was still too much. in the burgers, there is a lot of meat and cheese (and very good ones), but also a lot of salad. the bread was fresh, and the sauces very tasty. the fries and chili are generous (better share it for 3 people). there is again a lot of meat in the chili, and ketchup + mayo on the tables.we weren't really picky on the hygiene of the tables because the prices are more than correct, and again the burgers delicious. as an advice : if you can, better order as take-away and eat at ease in home. well, after all the talks and rumors around this burger i just had to go and find out myself what's the fuss about this place- the place is really small yet super cool, nice staff and the food is prepared slowly but with lots of attention to every patty.the special are really interesting, and the wedges are really tastyi can't say it's one of the best burgers i've ever had but it's one of the most special i've tried for sure, worth the visit. i will come again ;) i liked the place a lot. it's really small and cozy but the burger wasn't as good as i expected it to be. eating out is not just about food. sometimes location, staff, vibe and flavour come together to make something spesh. bbi has got spesh to spare. this is one of those berlin eateries that is a total fun experience. at peak times, grab a beer from the spati while you wait to snag a space on the sidewalk tables as your order is cooked up int the frenetic, tiny-hole-in-the-wall kitchen. there's great people watching to be has, and as the twilight gets longer, a fun nk vibe. from a tiny kiosk through a narrow doorway, your name will be bellowed out when your order is up. get ready to sprint. or the bellowing will get frantic. the food is delicious. a little messy to eat, be warned. i used to live right accross this place and let me tell you, i miss being so close to one of the best burger in berlin !it's barely more than a hole in the wall, usually crowded whatever the time is, but a busy place is usually a good sign and here it's definitely the case. a lot of choice with both burgers and fries, a bit pricey for berlin but when you see how big the burger and fries portion are, it's totally worth it (i won't even talk about the taste because.... c'mon it's perfect !)bref, a must have for burger lovers :) on a grey cloudy day here in berlin i decided to check out ... bbi-berlinburger international today ! living in the western part of the city i embarked on an incredible journey on the m29 - bus to it's next to the last stop in the eastern part of the city at the sonnenalle / pannierstrasse stop. there you step off the bus and just smack across the street is this small quaint actual "hole in the wall" place serving up the most awesome and tasty beef burgers right off the grill. piled high with all the fixins on a sesame seed bun will delight anyone longing for a real burger !! also, the pommes ( potato wedges ) and the sweet potato fries are a great add on to any of the homemade burger offerings ! hey, they even turn out a great veggie-burger with a mango-curry sauce for those not into the meat diet.as i mentioned earlier it is set in a side entrance ( former servants entrance ) to an old pre-1930's building so space and casual dining is not it's great attribute, but the experience of having a great burger and those awesome chili fries would well be worth it anytime ! the interior with it's high ceiling and rough exposed brick walls has it's own charm from the many tracks of graffiti left by the many customers needing something to do while waiting for their order up ! no matter when you arrive or when you place your order it still takes approx. 15 - 20 minutes before they call your name ! ... this is not your typical fast food joint !the walk up to the counter to place your order is right next to the soda pop cooler and the staff is very helpful and assertive with a friendly smile as well as speaking english for those of us who still seem to stumble with the german language. having still the flare of the bohemian style atmosphere from years gone by that was so popular in berlin before the 1990's swept in and changed us all... r.j. came here on new years day and it was packed. but i think it is always packed. you give you name and wait for it to be called to collect your food. but it was so busy, we didn't hear our name and someone stole our food. anyway, there was no problem rushing our order through again and when we finally got to eat we really appreciated it. i got the chilli cheese fries. delicious. spicy. decent amount of chilli but it didn't make the fries turn to slop. my friends got the burgers and said they were good if a little unwieldy. a good first meal of the year. stopped by on the recommendation of my burger-obsessed flatmate. their (monthly) special, the godzillarin came with a kimchi slaw, chili mayo, wasabi peas, and fried wonton skins (like chips). the second i bit into the burger, i exclaimed "this makes so much sense!" the wasabi peas added a nose-stinging punch (in a good way), the crispy wonton skins added nice texture, and the pickled kimchi slaw was a perfect contrast to the meat. i've never had a burger with this combination, it worked well, so 5 stars!note: the beef patty was a bit well-done, my only complaint to an otherwise inventive and tasty burger. tiny hole in the wall and long wait with out door benches to share with strangers... but man, the burgers are super yummy! worth the hype and the wait. outstanding burgers but expect to wait in line! we did the mistake of visit during a saturday night and queued for 2 hours, 1 hour to order and 1 to get our takeaway (minimum seating). but it was worth it. the flavors were amazing, the meat-bun-topping ratio was perfect and the sweet potato fries (yes they have them!) were crispy. overall, a very positive experience but i would like and hope that they fix that queuing system, it was awful! also, be aware that it is in a very hipster-y neighborhood, not really our scene but the burgers were great. we love this place! probably the best burgers in town. also super tasty vegetarian and vegan burgers. you will have to wait quit a long time on the weekends (often about 30min), but who has eaten there before knows its worth the wait. so good. so messy. so busy.i really dug this place, be warned that there is virtually no seating on busy days.actually, hold up, i am going to add that fifth star, this place had nintendo to play while i waited. a bit overrated. the burgers were good, the toppings were creative. but when it comes to the texture and taste, i've definitely experienced better i was going to write a lengthy introduction about my approach to burgers, but the point of this review is pretty straightforward: go eat at berlinburger international. like, go *now*.i've eaten the best burger in my life in this place and believe me, i've eaten some pretty sweet burgers. went for the rather classic bbq-burger and it was pure perfection. the bun was crispy, but not too crispy; beef was done, but not too dry; biting through bacon didn't remind me of chewing gum, like burgers often do; vegetables had a fresh taste to them. above all, the sauce was just outworldly tasty and poured in perfect balance to the rest of the ingredients, which means it didn't leak through the bun, didn't turn it wet. this burger deserved a poem.additionally i ordered their chilli-cheese fries, which were also very tasty and a welcome change to the usually boring fries offered in most burger places.the only downside was... the queue, we've had to wait for about 15-20 minutes to order and another 20-ish for the burgers themselves. on the other hand, that in itself should be a good recommendation.visiting berlin? put bbi in your itinerary.	0	0	1	0	1
 amazing food!we had a seafood pasta and a homemade beetroot wasabi ravioli with sallad. both tasted like heaven.one of the best rhubarb schorles i ever tasted. dessert was a mascarpone and elderflower saga with berries. everything 5 star.on top of this: super friendly and happy laid back staff, good english, great place and cozy atmosphere. am going back today again :-)(expect it to always be fully booked. either you have to wait for quite some time or even smarter - reserve a table!) hidden gem. cash only. great for dates.north african/french cuisine, with nice wine assortment. my bf & i are meat lovers & enjoy the mixed grill platters, oriental meat platter (with lamb, merguez, cous-cous, chicken, etc.)- as well as the angus roast beef steak drizzled with red wine/orange sauce & sides of green asparagus & roasted potatoes. for vegetarians, you'll also find stuff on the menu. something for everyone...the dessert of the day was holunderberry mousse (normally lavender mousse, but they ran out on sunday evening) on a "himbeerspiegel" (raspberry mirror). extremely rich, creamy, yet fluffy & delicious... again: romantic place, great for dates- preceded or followed by a walk along maybachufer riverside. the lighting is also warm, dark & sexy- again: perfect for looking your best/most enticing on a date...(you're welcome, ladies.). :-) food is delicious, there's no arguing in that. came here with a group of 15 people to celebrate my birthday! we called in advance and booked the table, so that wasn't an issue.service was a little bit too slow though, which i heard has always been one of their weak points. otherwise, no complaints! wow... this place bomb. dude with long hair was so nice and he even translated the menu in french but i don't speak french so he reversed straight to english. prawns were so fresh. lamb was amazing. both of my girls were feeling happy and relaxed. thank you. unfortunately i have to give it a 2 stars. very disappointed. late service. amateur appetisers. and an incredibly sad steak with some potatoes. my breakfast this morning was a royal meal compared to it. i had friends over and wanted to impress them with the chill berliner atmosphere and nice food at candle light. thought that cafe jaques would have been a safe choice.. well i was wrong. totally out of my nice restaurant list. sad..as i liked it.. wonderful place. the server patiently explained the menu in english to us and the food was delicious and reasonably priced. excellent service, amazing flavorful food! we were visiting berlin from ny and our german is nonexistent. the staff and owner were incredibly accommodating and friendly. they helped us pick a delicious meal and made our visit a great experience. definitely recommend this neighborhood gem with more locals than tourists. the location is perfect with plenty of options for after dinner drinks as well. excellent little french place. husband-wife duo, super friendly, great menu, very fine food. lamb, casserole, chicken, all excellent. then there's creme brulee. i'm getting hungry just writing this review. went with two girlfriends and shared all the dishes. don't be confused by the name of the restaurant... it's really more lebanese-french than french-french. regardless, our cous cous with lamb and seafood grill dish was excellent and the waitress was really sweet and didn't mind translating all the dishes on the chalk board. on a rather cold and wet trip to berlin, my travel companion and i were staying in the prenzlauerberg area of berlin and were looking for a place nearby that we could have dinner after a long day (we were both flying into berlin very early that morning). caf jacques was within walking distance from the u-bahn station that we were adjacent to. this place has had some good reviews, but we wanted to give it a go anyway. the reviews are darn right about this small joint with an amazing menu and a great vibe. certainly make sure you make a reservation if you're coming here because it gets really packed and we were really lucky to get a spot in here without any reservations. the staff here are ber friendly. we didn't speak any german, but the staff were willing to converse with us in english and even translate pretty much the entire menu for us (and yes, there's no english menu here - which is actually a good thing). we settled on a pita and hummous starter and pasta and a veal main for our mains. the wine list is absolutely amazing and even the basic wines are absolutely delicious. we both had the temperanillo which arrived in huge glasses with generous pours. serving sizes were also very large for europe (albeit, everything is bigger in germany ;)). this place is definitely off the charts and for a somewhat "hole in the wall" type place, it was absolutely phenomenal. if i'm ever in berlin again, i would definitely come back here. great food, great music, great atmosphere and certainly a great city. had dinner here during a trip to europe and what a little gem we discovered.delicious (generous pouring of too!) house wine to sip on, along with wonderful ravioli that has the best sauce for dipping in bread!additionally, the candlelight setting is the perfect atmosphere for a fun and relaxed night. in a nutshell, cafe jacques has decent food which is ruined by poor service and a generally strange attitude that pervades the place. with no menus, you have towalk across the room to peer at a blackboard of daily specials which our waiter declined to explain or even talk about. ditto with the wine. the first of our group of ten to arrive were alternately harassed for not immediately ordering drinks and told to sit down when trying to look at the menu. our waiter periodically lectured us for not ordering sparkling water with the several bottles of wine we ordered (telling us he was going to charge us for the tap water we were drinking), and hurried us into ordering food which led to a mad relay of ppl trying to check out the blackboard menu. that said, the food was pretty good (seafood linguine, lamb with roast potatoes). the final straw came when a trio (cello, accordion and something else) entered the restaurant and played a couple of tunes, after which money was aggressively demanded from us. quirky is fine, but bad (and frankly bizarre) service and treatment of customers isn't. i was disappointed at choosing to celebrate my birthday here. i was here once, long time ago.i do not remember much....but i definetly could remember valuable details: the amazing wine, the funny guitar player, the big round table with many friends....and the friendly owner with the che guevara look and the big friendly smile. possibly our best restaurant visit of 2014. party of four, every one impressed by the quality of the food and wine. i had the fleischgrill (mixed grill) and the meat was tender and tasty, no trace of msg. others raved about the red snapper and chestnut ravioli. good wine list, and advice thereon. staff were cordial, personal and for the most part, prompt. we'll be back! i went with a friend on a hot night at 22:00 and it was full. we had to wait a good 15 minutes for a table. we had gazpacho, which was served in a very generous bowl. it was good although with a few faults (they didn't seed the peppers and it was spicy). we saw how large the portions of the other clientle and decided to share a plate between the two of us. we ordered the couscous plate but it was sold out. we ended up with a mixed mediterranean plate (lamb, chicken, merguez, tabbouleh, hummus, etc.). it was definitely large enough. we then had the best part of the meal, dessert: it was fig mousse with a chocolate sauce.the service was great and the clientle was very international and friendly. this review was written in 2010. went there because it was recommended by lonely planet and were not disappointed. the menu is short and in german however, every waiter spoke enough english to read the menu to us.the food is as good as you can expect in a german restaurant: kind of plain. atmosphere is excellent: dark, candle-lit interior and cozy outside seating (we went after dark).i would recommend this place for anyone looking to dine in great atmosphere and wishing some simple food and alcohol.warning: smoking is permitted insider after 11pm (when the street seating closes). came here because lonely planet listed it as top choice in the area, and this was one of the best dining experiences for us in berlin. the place is small and cozy with great ambience and friendly staff. the owner, ahmad, is charismatic and funny, his wine recommendation was on point. the menu is a blackboard menu that consists of a variety of types of dishes. all of the vegetables and seafood was really fresh and everything was exquisite. the lamb dish was absolutely delicious and so was the seafood linguini and the "fish variety" dish. we had a great time, the place is recommended for anyone that wants to have a nice night with awesome food by the river. where is jacques from? actually his real name is gustav and he's swedish, or maybe not. regardless, his restaurant is a superbly charming affair, dark and cozy, relaxed and cool. the food is a melagne of all sorts really, and there didn't appear t be a menu as such. just bring us some starters, and then something else. whatever you like? rabbit? check! sadly, or maybe not, i consumed so much strong alcohol i can remember little of the experience. so i will surely be back. excellent atmosphere and amazing food. i've been there twice and the staff is exceptionally friendly and attentive. highly recommended. be sure to book a table. the place is packed - rightfully so. small, cosy place with lots of ambiance! jacques walks about schmoozing with all the guests, helping people choose wines etc. we had a wonderful 3-course dinner at a bargain price (compared to stockholm...), will certainly return here next time we are in berlin. one of the great restaurant du quartier's to be found anywhere! i am heading to berlin today and very much looking forward to my fifth visit to cafe jacques. intimate decor, nice date place, sophisticated food, very good service,- i'd like to see a more in depth wine list, but the choices are solid and well priced. i adore this place. my favorite place for french in berlin. the prices are more than fair considering the high quality and wonderful atmosphere. great for dates as well as groups. recommend sharing the fish platter and fleisch platter with a friend. great wines too! we went as a big group and everyone was delighted with their food- perhaps with fleisch grill as the winner for the meat-eaters.i had the fisch grill and it was perfectly made, although it didn't taste very much. the dressing helped but i guess i prefer a little more spicey fish. delicious bread, wine and dishes of starters and eversmiling staff, jaques himself included.i wasn't too excited about the dessert though, it was called chocolate mousse but i'm not sure where the chocolate was hiddenanyway, i was certainly not disappointed, and i know my friends agree this place would be worth visiting over and over again. berlin eating can be unexpected, and this hidden gem, river adjascent, is atmospheric (in an understated way), with a brillant carte du vin and one of the most aromatic cups of coffee in berlin. the food is so fresh and seems prepared with such attention that you would think it was not a menu, but just for you. they do the best humus i have ever had. a real blend of contrasting eating options, prepared in an unpretentious - yet very impressive - way and with wonderful service. wonderful too to wander out onto the river of an eve. one of my fav berlin eateries. simply the best - in terms of quality and diversity of food, wine choices, atmosphere, location, friendliness and competence of staff, and guess what: prices! if only we had such a marvellous place in new york! i came, i saw, i could barely stand up after my dinner. the style is minimalist. white walls, chalk board menu, and most importantly, candle light. you will try to guess the century you're in. is it the age of enlightenment or 2010 a space odessy? it's busy and crowded but if you are dinning as a group it is somehow better like you're talking in a circle at a party. if you have the open mind and the opportunity, i suggest asking the immediately recognizable owner to suggest an ensemble based on your preferences and mood and pair it with a wine. the food is a selection of mediterranean, french and italian and not necessarily your standard picks of each. it is excellent quality, but it is the whole experience that makes cafe jacques a marvelous experience. well firstly, i must say i am still confused on where neuklln end and kreuzberg starts, but i was here with friends for a nice dinner and the restaurant has a very nice and cosy atmosphere with candles lit everywhere. my 3 stars are a bit harsh, but i decided to give only three and the menu is not that large and if you do not like mean this is not the place to go as almost all dishes contain meat or fish and if you don't like cheese it's also a bad place to go.we also ordered something twice which the waitress forgot to give us, so we had to reorder, but we where there for hours, so it was not bad, but still i don't think i would be going here again due to the menu problem. i ordered the maerchenteller and it was good, but i didn't like the aftertaste of the hummus and the cucumber salad i thought was way too garlicy, but friends of mine had the roast beef and said it was delicious, so if you're looking to eat a great meat dish for a reasonable price in a cosy atmosphere this is the place to go. a cosy, candlelit restaurant on maybachufer with french/european/north african cooking. the food is always reliable and can be excellent, from home made pasta through to the mixed meat grills and fish dishes. a good selection of wines too. beware, it does get quite crowded/busy (by berlin standards, although fairly normal if you're a londoner) so book in advance. ps the name (cafe jacques) is confusing, it is most definitely a restaurant, not a cafe, and is only open evenings after 18:00. after a walk on the canal or a bout of shopping at the turkish market, dine in comfort at cozy caf jacques, a bistro with great wine and delicious french-mediterranean classics such as couscous, fresh pasta and meats, as well as or original creations like duck in pistachio sauce or turbot in wild-leek sauce. owner and constant presence ahmad arssan will happily assist you in finding the perfect matching wine. french/morroccan kitchen, with focus on meats such as lamb, veal, rabbit. fish courses and pasta's are also available. the meats: having eaten at least 25 times at jaques, (its my regular invite people out for a cosy dinner place), i have only once been disapointed by the meat. on all other occasions the meat has been next to perfect for the price category. highly reccomendable is the fleisch grill for the hungry diner. the meats vary with season, but generally you get 3-4 different types of meat and a side sauce and salad to compliment it.my favourite dishes are the lamb and rabbit dishes. recipes vary but the meat is always cooked to perfection. the fish: the fisch grill is great for those with a larger maritime hunger, the helping is huge and can cure any hunger. pasta's. dont go to a french/morrocan kitchen for pasta. they are fine, but you are missing out on the better part of the experience. the only thing this restaurant is lacking is some african wines, to match up the morrocan part of the menu.	0	0	1	0	1
 my friend and i split the 1-person vegetarian platter as well as the two-sandwich combo for a total of 7 euro. it was so delicious but we couldn't finish it all, we were so full. so much food for so little money! literally the best falafel i've ever had in my life!! my friend and i shared the vegetarian platter and we were so full. it was just 5 euros too. everything in the platter was delicious, but the falafel in particular was out of this world!!! it was so different from the falafels i'm used to. it's crunchy on the outside. and these falafels are huge! my friend lives in berlin and this is her favorite place to eat. come here if you have the chance, you won't regret it. yelpers are not wrong! i am glad i came to al-andalos. we came on a sunday and you will find a lot of restaurants in this area open on a sunday. we were served very quickly and both my husband and i ordered the shawarma with chicken and all the trimmings (we didn't ask for anything different) and it was our first time here. it is 1.50  each which is so cheap plus filling! we ordered a coca cola and in total it was 4  - bargain! as soon as you bite into the wrap, you can taste the grilled chicken with the juicy sauce and hit of garlic. the tomato and lettuce give the shawarma freshness and the flavours were just melt in your mouth!this is my first shawarma in germany, but we have a lot of shawarma's in australia which i absolutely love - we call them kebabs. i recommend coming here for a quick bite to eat. plenty of seating at the back. absolutely delicious!  the al-andalos meat plate was a sampler of all things fine in the world. simply put, you can't go wrong with it. a fresh homemade falafel, lamb, chicken, sausage, lentils, rice, bread and so on. you won't be disappointed. the staff were very friendly and the food was served quick and hot. this place vegan and vegetarian friendly for a second day in a row, i didn't bring lunch to the office. so again i went somewhere new to find a new place to eat. this one is a little far from where i work, but nevertheless, going here was totally worth it. the area reminds me more of ramallah than berlin. in fact, i might as well be in the middle of beirut. the signage were in arabic and german, yet the language you hear is more the former than the latter.you line up, wait until the guys behind the counter ask for your order, and wait. you can get a quick sandwich (a wrap, not the traditional western notion of two pieces of bread with a filling in between), or you can do what i did, which was order a platter for one (6 eur; a platter for 2 costs 11 eur), which is a sampler of the multiple different things they feature on the window.things here are a little slow (1 minute turned out to be 10 minutes, just like in the middle east), but who cares? have a little patience, and good food will eventually come in a platter for you to enjoy. there's a large dining room on the back, so if the street tables are full, or the front room is a little too hot (especially in the middle of summer), then there's a place to escape. i think my review is probably going to be redundant.after the full star reviews and the wonderful photos, what does a true yelper do? locate the place and order the most recommended dish.al-andalos is located in the busy part of neuklln, right on sonnenallee. on a saturday night at 10 p.m., it was full to the rim. no seats, stressed out staff, people fight for seats and the spot in the line to get the delicious food.we ordered the al-andalos platter for two (meat) for 11 eur, which comes with an entire package of arabic/lebanese bread. we were barely able to finish the entire plate, there are many tasty things on this plate and even my companion that night, who is generally not so quickly to impress, admitted that it was probably the best he has eaten in a long time.fresh, tasty, large portions and fair prices. staff is super friendly and attentive!i think i will have to drive out to neuklln more often! this place is ok but not the best.if you want to eat something for cheap, go there. they serve normal shawarma and falafel for 1.5 euro. all other food are also underpriced.worth to try. probably the best falafel in the city.. the 1.5 eur warp is the best in the city fot the price.the spicy potatoes & spinach is also wonderful but more on the non spicy side. one of the best for middle eastern food in the area.the humus is neither to soft, nor to sticky...and tastes just like i know it from jerusalem.the people behind the counter are quick and friendly, and take care of any extra wishes you might have. i ordered the falafel plate and it was such an amazing deal. it came with vegetables, hummus, 7-8 giant pieces of falafel, and bread to wrap everything in. and for only 4! it fillled up a whole plate, enough for 3-4 wraps if you eat it that way. i ate half and was stuffed, tried to eat more later and was still so full from the first time that i couldn't finish it before my flight sadly :( i will always compare falafel to this from now on, it was so good! my only complaint is that the hummus was too salty, everything else was perfect though came by for a late lunch. i got the vegetarian plate, which was huge and cheap. the falafel was fantastic. hummus was decent. the rest of the food was so-so. the staff was very friendly and helpful. the drink selection was good. there are only a few small tables, it's more popular for take away. i tried alanduls-teller for two, also tried falfel teller and shawrma sandwich.all were tasty and good price.service is good as well. i liked the falfel there the most.recomended. as i waited for my friend to copy our resumes to begin the job hunt in berlin, i stumbled across a bustling middle eastern eatery. there are of course many like this one all throughout berlin, serving kebabs, shewarma and felafel. most of the time i try to use location based apps to find the nearest top rated foods, but this was a spur of the moment, no expectations decision.i was drawn to the 1.50 euro falafel as i wasn't too hungry and not looking to spend a pretty penny. as i ordered, the jolly man on the other side of the counter carved out several balls of fresh chick pea mix and they sizzled excitedly as they were submerged in the deep fryer. i could already sense this was to be no ordinary meal. i waited patiently as more and more local middle eastern customers flocked through the doors. they knew something about this place.the jolly chef raised the glistening golden brown balls from their oil bath and placed them inside a wrap of toasted pita bread. he then topped it off with the freshest onions, tomato, chilli and sauces. i walked outside and sat down on a concrete bench as this experience required full seated attention.*munch*the first bite exploded in my mouth with the most vivid of flavours. the falafel was cooked to absolute perfection, melting in my mouth after making my way through the soft crunch of the outer shell. every bite got increasingly better as the individual flavours made themselves noticed. the kryptonite green chilli was the necessary addition that i didn't know i needed, until the juices were bursting from every bite. i lay back on the bench with a look of satisfaction that could not be faked by even the finest poker player. i headed straight back to the counter to order another. i need to make it clear that i wasn't hungry.. i just craved that experience one more time. i was not disappointed.. food & prices are superb, service could be a bit better. staff sometimes rude so 4 stars i want to fly back to berlin just to have this food! found it on yelp while looking for a place to meet friends. it is a place not to be missed! we shared a large family style plate that stuffed us all for 18e and had plenty leftover. i wish i could say what it was but we really just pointed at a plate a bunch of other people already eating there were sharing. good: tons of food, cheap, delicious, wide array of food on large platter, clean and open cafe, outdoor seating, fast to servebad: couldn't finish the plate, might be hard to find cheap food and you dont even feel like youre eating vegetarian! incredibly healthy food and the place was packed when i went. definite must wow!! i have been living for 4 years in neuklln and i heard many things about this place, but for some reason or another, i never managed to go. now that i don't live there anymore, i was passing by today, dying of hunger but yelp never let me down and having so many 5 stars i decided to stop by and.. wow.. that's all i can say.nowadays it's trendy to give customers very little food (sometimes, tasteless) for really high price.. it's like all the restaurants in the surrounding are in war to see who gets more expensive and hipster.. i am so glad this place keeps very low price while offering tasty, delicious and a very fulfilling amount of food. seriously, probably one of the most inexpensive and best places in berlin! delicious, fresh and cheap lebanese food. all sandwiches (wraps) are only 1.5. offers both non-vege and vege meals. yummy suigkeiten (cakes and sweet snacks). fast and nice service. a must visit if you are in the neighborhood and feeling hungry. gets a bit crowded around 1pm. do not go here for the ambiance (because you will not find much). the interior is quite dark and has these little backrooms with no windows. however, the food is wonderful, and extremely cheap. bring lots of friends and share a big platter. great for vegetarians as well. best lebanese/teller place i've found in berlin - awesome prices, huge servings (we got the meat teller for two and couldn't finish it), and flavoursome ingredients. big up the al-andolos massive lives up to all expectations, we were in a rush so got the teller to take-away. justas beautifully presented and with a variety of dishes- one or two of which you will love. each teller came with separate flatbreads/fladenbrot (yes as pointed out by an earlier review in a bag from bckeri habibi in berlin, no that is not a strange or bad thing!) to share. best to go hungry or hungover as the portions are very generous here! wow ! best falafel ..i suggest to take falafel teller, it's a bliss.....fresh ingredients , efficient service and affordable price make this place my favourite falafel in berlin. amazing food at a great value. i got the 'al andalos' variety platter for one person. it was delicious. for 6 euros the portion was large. the restaurant and ordering queue is really cramped. they should organize it more so it gets less congested and there's waiting space for take-away. when you're hungover and on a diet, there's only one thing to do: ditch the diet and have a teller instead! this is probably one of the best places to do it. both the meat teller and the veggie teller come with falafel, but personally i prefer the vegetarian option as i'm not a big fan of meatballs and sausage (i know, i'm in the wrong country). the best part is you get a little bag of lebanese bread: i saw a few people taking their leftover slices, putting them back in the bag, and taking it home. everything here is fresh and delicious, and best of all it doesn't break the bank. with so many five-star reviews you've just got to try it. i came to this place because i saw it gets 5 stars and cheap. actually the food is good and really cheap. i ordered schwarma plate and it's only 5 euros. however, there are two major flaws. first, their pita bread is so bad. it came in a package as my uploaded photo showed and it's sticky and cold. second, they seems to pay more attention to take-away customer. i ordered to eat at their place and i have to wait 20 mins and saw many take-away customers who came after me got their food and go. final line, their food can't compensate this two flaws! first of all, the food is great and cheap.we arrived saturday 8'ish and was looking to grab a good solid dinner before heading out on the town.ordering was a bit of a shouting match over the counter but the atmosphere was charming still. unfortunately we waited 50 minutes for the food but the flatbreads arrived quickly, so when the food came they were dried up and not warm. the waiter, who called over a colleague, couldn't speak english so they didn't understand why we wanted new flatbreads when the actual food arrived... mild irritation aside we settled for the dry bread and slightly disgruntled waiters.but then we ate... we had the al-adomos plate for two and it. was. awesome. i could seriously have married whoever made the falafel, and i'm a straight dude... best i've had, and i've had a few. the hummus was super and the salad was interesting.great food, not so great service. a solid 3.(though i'll probably go back for takeout!!) i was a bit worried about coming here, even though the yelp reviews in english and german are all positive. i am not ever really in the mood for kebab, but my husband is another story. oh my, was i in for a surprise. they have this plate called al andalos which comes with all kinds of vegetarian (meat option also available) delights. hummus, tabbouleh, potatoes, stuffed grape leaves, ... each one bursting with freshness and flavor, comforting my belly and soul. my husband couldn't get enough of his chicken schwarma wrap. he was in complete heaven. the staff are lovely, helpful folks. i love this place and will def go back. we had a meat plate to share for two ppl. it was delicious, fresh and too much for two! i've never tried lebanese food before so i can not compare but what we've had made us wanna have more lebanese food in the future. highly recommended. omg. two huge plates of food and 4 drinks for 15. it was enough to feed 4 people! everything was so fresh and delicious, i haven't stopped thinking about this place since we ate there. there is no alcohol, but this is the perfect dinner to have before a night of drinking - not too heavy and just wonderful. i will be back for sure! this place knows how to please its customers. incredible food for an unbeatable price. my buddy and i went here all four days we were in berlin thanks to discovering it on yelp. al-andalos deserves five stars and no less. also, you'd be an idiot not to get the al-andalos. it should be circled or starred on the menu. 6 euros for one person and 11 for two, it's a sample of everything in the front window and you've easily got enough food for three rolled pita burritos. everything was great. in fact, i'm going back right now. guys behind the counter are very nice too.	1	0	1	0	1
 my girlfriend and i were in search of a premiere german restaurant where we could enjoy some authentic food with the locals. we found exactly what we were looking for at schneeweiss. cozy atmosphere with some mgmt and donnie darko tracks playing in the background but at just the right volume so that you can still hold a conversation. we started off with the scallops and pork belly. i've had better pork belly but i'm also cuban so that's not a fair assessment. however, i will say that the scallops were fresh and delicious and that alone is worth the price of admission. my girlfriend had the steak filet for her entree and i ordered the duck breast with goose confit and a quince-apple chutney sauce. the steak filet was cooked to absolute perfection. i would say that this was my first choice but my gf and i refuse to order the same thing. i tried her steak and immediately gave her that wide-eyed "omg this is the best steak i've ever had look." i suffer from extreme short term memory while enjoying good good so the most recent plate is always the best ever. but what made this dish special was the braised fig sauce that accompanied it's meaty surroundings. the potato dumplings with steak and the sauce were an absolutely explosive combination of flavors. as for the duck, i'm still trying to figure out why there was a knife still at my table taking up space when one clearly did not need one to break the duck apart. the duck was soft and tender, falling off the bone with the touch of a silver fork. the sauce was epic, the waiter asked if i wanted more and now my biggest regret in life is saying no in the spur of the moment. but i can't be blamed because the taste put me in a state of shock making it difficult to understand my immediate surroundings. the goose was also very good but to be honest licking the duck bone is perhaps more entertaining. go with either dish and you won't be disappointed. the meal with bottle ice water was about 69 euros. it's a hefty price for the slow service we received in return but the food was worth every coin. overall, i give this place 4 stars because the service was a slow. the food took a while to get to the table and the waiter wasn't very attentive or special. nonetheless, i definitely plan on returning upon a future visit to berlin. great ambience.. great food.. love schnitzel and salmon tartare.. absolutely the spot when you visit berlin :)) definitely come back when i'm in berlin a friend told me that i had to try the wiener schnitzel here and i'm glad that i listened to her... it was amazing, the plate is big but i didn't end feeling full or about to explode because the meat is thin and well made. the salad and the potatoes were also really good! the restaurant is very cozy and elegant, the waiters are very friendly and yes... it might be a little bit expensier that other restaurants in the area, but it really worths it. i had an amazing experience here and would love to go back! best schnitzel in berlin! great quality of food and friendly services. we have really enjoyed our dinner with our friends. hmmm.. been here twice. first time was better. i was charmed by their cheese plate. second time i went there with big expectations, which were not met. food was okay but definitely not wonderful. biggest minus comes from the service. the waitress was unbelievably snotty. our questions seemed to bother her to no end. plates were served over our heads, not from the side. the waitress accidentally pushed my hand when clearing the table. an apology was not considered necessary. and so on... not the kind of a "service" one would expect from such a place. shame, really. i might still give this place another chance but i think they should seriously work on their waiting staff's attitude. great decor, music and of course, cuisine. i loved the presentation and the flavors. amazing combination of german food with a modern twist. german food meets modern cuisine sensibilities. pea soup with asparagus and pancetta... yum! boiled veal with vegetables... yum! the white cream cake with mascarpone was orgasmic. there it is. i said it. with outdoor seating, why don't you treat yourself to a nice summer meal here? with all the rave reviews from timeout, nytimes & hedonist guide, i had high expectations and i was definitely let down. the actual food itself was delicious, but the service left a lot to be desired. we came for a late dinner and were rushed and told that most of the dishes had already sold out and were given 3 different menus and showed random things on each menu that were still available. this is also the only restaurant i've seen that didn't have english translations so to add that into the mix that was already rife with confusion, it made ordering very difficult. i understand that we came on the later side (10pm), but if you're not willing to serve that late or have available food, then don't take late reservations. luckily the food was very good, but i definitely wouldn't return. and if you're going to go, definitely go on the earlier side. ok, ok. lest people think i'm just a huge vendetta-weilding complainer after my novel-length takedown of georges in paris, i'd like to balance with a truly lovely dining experience in berlin.again, it was a large group of colleagues. again, there were a mix of german, french, americans, and brits. and again, two people got their meals after the rest of us had finished eating: but the staff were so apologetic and gracious, none of us minded a bit. in fact, i appreciated that the kitchen didn't want to send out a meal that had cooked a bit too long. and the free desserts were a kind gesture, but not even necessary.in general, the food was simply outstanding. the schnitzel was massive and perfectly light and flaky. the goulash was rich and tender. and the asparagus was oh-so sweet and crispy. the highlight, though, was this strawberry soup dessert, which more than one person in our group thought was the best dessert they'd ever had.thanks for such a wonderful evening! if you are looking for cuisine in friedrichshain, schneeweiss is one of the few options but luckily it consistently serves amazing and tasty food. i highly recommend the brunch, which is unlike any other i had been to in berlin. they serve a rich and hearty goulash, potatoes gratin and a spinach palatschinken as part of their warm buffet. i always ordered the fish entrees as my main course when i ate dinner here, and every single time the meal was lovely and delicious. if you don't speak german, don't worry since the entire waitstaff speaks english and their daily menus are available in english as well. you should absolutely call ahead and make a reservation as the restaurant usually books up fast. the restaurant is definitely more upscale than the places on simon-dach-strasse but the prices are more than reasonable given the quality of the meals and experience. i was a bit put off by some of the reviews, but decided to visit last week. in my opinion, i would say good service in general, high quality, honest food and very reasonably priced my only complaint..they were a little slow processing my dessert order. when they finally got around to it, they told me it would take approx 20 mins, due to a technical problem in the kitchen (oven)..however it took 35 mins in total! not good when you have limited time i would have probably cancelled it otherwise. shame really, otherwise i would have given them a higher rating. however, i will still return one day! eaten here twice. food is good but not spectacular. the service was awful the first time and we waited at least an hour for our food. better second time, but that was before the dinner rush. all in all, schneewei is extremely over-hyped, maybe as a result of lack of fancy alternatives in rusty f-hain. it's sad to see how ever more guide books include this place as a top pick, but then guide books most often just copy one another. i ate here with two friends recently and was really impressed with everything about the place. beautiful decor and ambience, excellent, reasonably priced food, and great wine. would highly recommend it. don't try to practice your german here however, as some of staff seem quite intent on practicing their english instead! "achtung - kunde droht mit auftrag" is a phrase i learned on this trip and roughly means: "warning - customer threatens with business!" this is exactly what happened at this uber popular spot where hubby was yelled at by the server who was tired of telling potential customers that all the outside tables were reserved. excuse us for asking on such a gorgeous evening if we could have the privilege of enjoying dinner at your restaurant, but we gladly took our business elsewhere and do not recommend this trendy spot with such blatantly rude service! i cannot speak to the menu at all because no one in their right mind would stay for dinner after such treatment. i suppose if we'd made a reservation this would be an entirely different review, but this is what happened to us when we wanted to eat here. actually another waitress separately told me without any drama or rudeness that we could sit inside, but hubby's experience ruined the possibility of eating here that night! the only thing decent in this restaurant is the design the place looks really good.a simple worker class restaurant that pretends to be gourmet (not that i have a problem with worker class restaurant, but for that you can go to fleischerei dmke around the corner). simple food, no imagination, no creativity, terrible service in two different occasions (the first time was so bad that i thought it might be a really bad day) we had to wait forever for the food.the wines taste like from the lowest price group of the next discount supermarket, same as the bread that was probably bought there frozen.one big fake no gourmet, no service, no quality but priced very expensive- around 20eur for a main dish. been here at least seven times this year. tried a lot of different items from the menu, and liked everything a lot.this place must have changed, because i went here a few years back and felt like i overpaid for no reason i just didn't get the hype back then.anyway, today: the food is excellent. one suggestion i would have though is to change the menu more often. we've tried almost everything! the wines are great as well and they also manage a couple nice cocktails (go for a classic that's not a cuba libre or a caipirinha!).last but certainly not least: the staff is nice and the service is always excellent.this is a great place to go out and have dinner with friends, or with a date. especially for friedrichshain, it's on the upper end of the pricing scale, but i don't really mind that since the food i had there this year never disappointed.also (tip for the summer): if you want to sit outside, come before 10 pm. and get a reservation. love, love, loved this place! yes, it is a bit off the beaten path, but once there it is well worth the travel to get there (which honestly was not bad). definitely reminds me of a place i would have found while still in nyc, but with a distinct authentic german feel which makes it all the more special. the decor is lovely, everything is in white with soft candles and the lighting making it so warm, and it's so pretty inside. luckily the waitress spoke english as the main menu is all in german, however the daily menu is in english. we ordered a delicious bottle of german rose and two starters, as well the wiener schnitzel for our main courses. the starters were amazing, while not overwhelmingly german, delicious none the less. my fiancee ordered the tomato and goat cheese tart and i the basil ravioli, they were both impeccably done, light but full of flavor, and out of this world good. i would kill for those ravioli right now!! also to note, the bread basket and butter/cream cheese spread were soooo tasty. the wiener schnitzel portions were huge, and lightly breaded and super tasty, with a large portion of german potato salad on the side. we were, unfortunately, too full for dessert but as they were served to other tables around us they all looked amazing. definitely make a reservation here as on a monday night the place was jam packed, and definitely do try this place while in berlin. the prices are great as well; for a bottle of wine, two starters, and two huge mains the price was only 65 euros! great food, good atmosphere. the best wiener snitzel i've ever had. professional service and a good wine list. this is a classy place that is good for dates and special occasions. schneeweiss is definitely a really nice restaurant and f you are in berlin/ friedrichshain i definitely think you should visit it. but as almost every restaurant everything isnt perfect. or what it seems to be, cause the interior is great, light and modern for being berlin. both times i have been there the waiters have been a bit confused, to stressed and working double on certain tables so other customers had to wait. cocktails? i think it is very important they are good if the restaurnt 1. has a cocktailmenu, 2. has a nice bar that invites people to sit there. my boyfriend wanted a dry martini, a classic that every bar should have or know what it is, but they had no idea. the next time we had drinks we waited 15 min for them, it was later and not busy at all and we watched the guy doing them and he was lost. a bit unproffessional but i feel i can forgive him/them cause the food is excellent and the changing menu makes it the worth visiting the restaurant more than once. amazingly simple and elegant menu, delicious seared beef, schnitzel, and baked veal. this is a very cool neighborhood restaurant on a street that resembles the west village. waiters couldn't have been friendlier, even let us taste various wines before buying a bottle. if you're looking for authentic berlin experience away from the touristic scene, try this spot out. easy cab ride from mitte. been here a couple of times and both were good. the decor has a definite high-end european-ness to it, and feels a tad out of place in friedrichshain. the food is good, with relatively small portion sizes. the starters are some of the best i've had in berlin, and while the main's are great, with excellent presentation, something could be done about the portion sizes considering the price. the staff i found were constantly busy and so was the restaurant itself. booking is essential here. although i was treated decently and found they were attentive, i noticed i may have been getting a better service because of my nationality. when i walked in and saw the whole room full with only one free table, the waiter took me to it and sat me there, regardless of the 'reserved' sign. when i questioned this and asked if it was ok, he replied 'it doesn't matter'. nice looking place with a trendy crowd, but we found the food anything but good. everything we had was full of fat, expensive for what you get, and we read that the kitchen is the new light german kitchen - well, it's more like old-fashioned very heavy, austrian food with a twist. service was not attentive, we waited for our drinks about 15 minutes. a typically overrated trendy place that couldn't live up to anything they promised. dinner here was awful. i had the roast goose which was akin to eating a cowboy boot. terrible food, but the service was good. brunch, on the other hand, was quite enjoyable. lots of interesting, well presented selections on the buffet. go for a drink in their hip lounge or for brunch, but skip dinner. der brunch war absolut super, leberkse, weisswrste, kaiserschmarrn und alle beilagen in kleinen glsern, das lokal ist nur zu empfehlen, etwas entlegen aber definitiv die reise wert i had read about this place in some magazines and thought it sounded chic and cool. well, to sum it up, it was a disappointing evening. the decor was quite modern and chic but as a restaurant, it does not really rate, but it will probably survive for a while simply because it is the coolest-looking place in an area not known for haute cuisine. the service was actually worse than the food. they forgot our main course, for which they apologised profusely, and then they lost our dessert order as well! however, to be fair, they did not charge us for the dessert. so, a simple nice evening out turned out to be rather drawn-out and irritating. there were also several staff smoking outside the front door, which is perfectly legal, but irksome when we realised later that these same people had forgotten our main course. anyway, the food was just about tolerable. a rather basic schnitzel was accompanied by some ordinary white asparagus. standard stuff like that, which one can find anywhere else, and often better. there are not many items on the menu anyway and the red wine list is a joke, though we managed to find a decent german white. so, the points i am allocating are for the decor, which is quite nice and rather elegant for the area. if you expect gourmet food, then, despite what one might read in publications, please do not expect to find it here. note: i was back here for a sunday brunch and the brunch was really very good. inventive, authentic, delicious - why couldn't they do the same for the evening menu? anyway, this place does the best brunch i know of in east berlin, so do try and come here for that. but please book ahead - it's not easy to get a place. maybe its a bit trendy but we had a lovely dinner there. the staff were friendly and attentive and the food was excellent. a little tip if you are into alcoholic digestives, they have really nice german obstler schnappsbut ask for the nut schnappsits really good! look, it would be wrong for me not to tell you the circumstances regarding this restaurant. i actually didn't eat here, i got fed up of waiting and then when i saw the price of the sunday buffet, i high-tailed it out of there. i'm going to be generous and give it 2 starts, because it looked decently good. however, the vegetarian collection looked meager. nonetheless, the price of the buffet equaled to twice the amount for some really good ones a block so or away . .. so i guess if you're trying to impress or be a part of this way snobbier part of f'shain, go there . .if you don't .. . then it's best to venture elsewhere . . .if i go back, i'll be back with another review . . until then, this is all i got . .. i've been here a couple of times. while the german-inspired "with a twist" food isn't exactly inspiring, it is good. the prices are definitely on the higher side for friedrichshain. you can take a date here. too expensive for me to go regularly but i'm sure i'll go there again eventually. we like to go there and recommand the place, but only because it's one of the few decent places in the area. we've been there quite often and we are still planning on going there, but we noticed that the portions get smaller and smaller. and i remember going there for lunch on a weekend and the wiener schnitzerl was dreadful. and when i told the waiter she was totally offended which is a shitty attitude i think. a bit of a fancier restaurant than i would go to on a regular friday night, schneewei is a chic place where everything is washed out in a pure snow white, creating a very clean aesthetic. the food is sort of modern austro-german cuisine, with a small but careful menu. they had a fairly good offering of wines, which complemented the meal well. i think it's a nice place to bring a visitor who wants german cuisine but not necessarily a big ol' plate of wurst.	1	0	1	0	1
 best falafel and hummus you will ever eat!!!!!i'm not one to post review for restaurants, but i felt compelled to do so after visiting this restaurant.i was in berlin visiting from new york for a week and came here for lunch. the food is unbelievable. you must go here. i got the falafel plate and the hummus.it might just be the best falafel and best hummus i've ever had. and i have had a lot of falafel and hummus from all over the world.truly incredible flavor and taste - this is a must go if you visit berlin!!!!! great felafel, but pretty crowded because it's gotten very popular in the last years. be quick with your order so you can grab a table in time. if you eat outside (order from the left side) you can get your option im brot, or you can go into the right side to sit down inside and get your option on a plate. really great falafel and haloumi. fresh salad. reasonable service. priced fairly, with nice indoor and outdoor seating. is dada falafel best falafel in berlin? is it true?before i came here - i heard that you are here to try the best falafel in berlin. even somehow she was in my bookmarks from yelp. time for a summary!the first impression - the place looks exclusively modern and nothing like the arabic dive for cheap eats.stop here for a moment and enjoy the art.on the walls are hung canvases made an interesting technique. when you look at them the first time you think that you look at daubs and at the end you see the hidden truth.but let us return merits - food.i decided fro dada vegetarisch taller - mix salad, couscous and falafel.falafel is actually very good - has a distinct flavor, but not overpowering. disappointed me while allowances for my vegetarian plate. no finesse and taste correct, but average.price 8 euros - for such a place. i have to admit that it is very low.i tried a little meat shawarma taller and i have to admit that beef is a good job and for your congratulations for dada falafel. the deep flavor of good quality meat melts in your mouth. portion a bit small, but apparently the idea is not to eat a lot, but good food.interesting person here is the waiter who looks like someone pulled him out from berghain on sunday morning and forced to work all day. service deserves me to 0.summing up the visit:dada falafel began its existence from dada to go, which operates all the time and feeds the hungry in a hurry. i always admire restaurants that can prove that starting from nothing bet live on her and are very successful.there wasn't probably my best falafel in life, but is actually a really tasty.i recommend and i estimate at 3.5 *. was looking for some good vegetarian food- read all the yelp reviews so headed over. the food was delicious and the portions generous! had the mixed vegetarian plate- hummus, aubergine dip, haloumi, 3 falafels, spinach roll, salad, tabouleh, couscous, fried eggplant- all delicious! highly recommend! dada falafel is a hip falafel place in the middle of berlin. come for the tasty food, reasonable prices, cuban music and cocktails, truly hospitable staff, cool artwork, and eclectic clientele. good falafel, very moderate prices, nice outside seating area 5,50 for a falafel plate with hummus, other sauces and a couscous/vegetable garnish pricier falafel than you'd want from berlin, and no peanut sauce on their halumikse but the goods are green and fresh and it's a long walk from mitte to your next best option. that being said: very tasty. very very tasty.don't bother buying beer there if you're rolling through the to go counter because the kiosk in the small plaza outside sells half liter bottles of rothaus pils for 1.30. this falafel is not like any falafel! it is spiced to perfection and every component - the hummus, tabbouleh etc - of the dish is just so incredibly flavourful! you should definitely visit this place if you want to experience a next-level falafel! so delicious! we come here all the time and it is by far one of the best falafel & shawarma places in town. the food is delicious and nicely plated. it is fresh and the tastes jump out of your mouth. the decor also needs a mention. bright colors and funky art dresses the walls, ceilings and stairs of the place giving it a very artistic feel together with the brazilian jazz music. walked past and seemed busy so decided to check it out. i ordered the dada plate which has a bit of everything. the dada plate had salad, gyro, hummus, and more. but the falafel were the best. so if i visit again, i'll probably just get the falafel sandwich. i love falafel but don't have it often enough. we were heading to an event nearby so stopped by here for food -we decided to just get the mixed plate to share rather than a dish each. for 8 the dada mixed plate had some shredded beef (ok), three falafel (yum!), salad, a spring roll, cous cous, dips and tabouleh (or something like it). all up, it was a delicious platter -very fresh, lovely salad and it was all delicious. it also came with a side of pita bread which was perfect to stuff some of the fillings into. you can also have this platter with vegetables instead of meat. i'd say service was just ok although the guy at the bar was super friendly. there's an upstairs area but we didn't check that out, and the place was pretty quiet at 5pm on a saturday. there's a lot of falafel places in the area so you've got lots of choice. excellent falafel better than we get in california. i can eat there at least 3 time a week good service the sauce is awesome. make sure though not to take too much of hot sauce..the red one is crazy... however its the best falafel ive ever had in my falafel diaries. came here when staying in the mitte area of berlin after reading good reviews. i ordered the vegetarian dada plate, which included fried halloumi, aubergine, peppers, hummus and other different sauces and it was just amazing.i must say the falafel was delicious, probably the best falafel i've eaten. the restaurant itself is trendy and spacious with seats inside and outside. the service was quick. i even came back for a takeaway it was that good!would definitely recommend! if only we had something like this in the uk. best falafels i have ever had. great service and location. i love the older man who works there and is always smiling- i think he is dada. incredible service, value and so fresh. everything is made from scratch, including the sauces. best falafel i've ever had! so moist and flavorful. wish they served falafel like this in the states. quite a small place it worth eating standing if you have to. meh, why 2 stars?overall, the food was 3 stars, but the service was below par. not something i would go out of my way to try--not worth your time. we ordered and waited forever to pay. the least he can say was, "take a seat, and i will get to you." nope, i stood there just waiting for him to prep food for 5 minutes before i paid him.we ordered: falafel plate: 3/5beef shawerma: 3/5 this place has great food, but the service is terrible. we started with a hummus appetizer for the 6 of us, which they brought out after an extended period of time, but only brought one piece of pita. when we asked for more pita, it took 15 minutes, during which time we had to stare hungrily at the half-eaten plate. we didn't even get silverware! to add insult to injury, the table next to us got their entire meal, pita included, before our pita got there, and they had arrived after us. the hummus itself was delicious, served with tahini and salad, and was also vegan.i had the falafel sandwich, which was very good. note that the "beef shawarma" is actually lamb. the final problem occurred when we got the bill. we asked for a certain amount back in change, but instead were charged that amount. we had even clarified that we wanted that amount *back* when someone in our party asked, and the waiter gave us the coin part in 50 cent pieces so by the time we counted the change he had already walked away. it definitely put a damper on the experience, which we had enjoyed despite the pita problems up until that point. delicious falafel. the fried eggplant was also incredible. amazing value and super cheap. go here - you won't regret it. i saw dada falafel in a couple of guides and had it on my list of places to try. took care of that last night. we got the sampler and a falafel pita. and for the hell of it a mojito instead of a beer (crazy i know). the pita was very good. top notch veggies and just the right amount of sauce. but of course the star was the falafel. cooked just right and a lovely combo of spices. loved the cumin they put in. so much of the falafel in the states is bland, so i really enjoyed the spice. the sampler plate was good but a couple of misses. good to try once but stick with the falafel pita or plate instead. just about everyone sitting around us was eating the same. i did want to try the shwarma, but they were already out. couldn't help but wonder a out that if they were already sold out by 7:30. have to go back and try that as well. btw, the monitor, a very fine and enjoyable version. my favorite falafel in berlin. the sauces are so tasty... and if you are vegetarian also a great option. hot sauce is really hot so if you don't like spicy hot food better avoid it. you can order a dish with a bit of everything to try for only 8. fresh and tasty! the food is beautifully prepared and presented. the flavor is excellent. i've tried the falafel and the schwarma (sp?) sandwiches. both were good, but they call it da da falafel for a reason. ;) the other items all looked enticing, but i was trying to be economic. so the sandwiches are the way to go (at 4 euros a piece, i believe). the men who run it don't speak much english, but they are helpful and kind.last tip: when they ask if you "like spicy", if you do, definitely say yes!! their special spicy sauce is amazing! i adore this place! such great and not greasy tasting falafel and a large helping of it at that. very central and easy to get to and they have a to go and a sit down part! their outside area is fantastic on a sunny day and although lines at lunch especially for to go can get long, it is so worth it! strong concept. fast. good price. cheap but quite ok food quality, toilet was clean also.i will go there again def.but seems beverage isn't good. don't order coffee don't order cocktail. super fresh and hot falafel (3.50)! the scharf (spicy) sauce is actually spicy and tastes great! the vegetables were fresh and complimentary. service was instant. pretty grab-and-go place, but way healthier and fresher than your typical kebab shop.perks for tourists: there is a kebab shop right next door in case your party isn't settled on a lunch option. you can follow linienstr. to shopping locations and coffee shops or head over to the museum island from here as you walk with your falafel! good place, very fresh and tasty food,i took the vegeterian falafel and it was just divine,totally recommended best falafel plate ever. everything is fresh and very tasty. i thought there was an art gallery next door which turned out to be a part of dada falafel. nice place for lunch or dinner. their menu is quite simple and there is an english version! walking in the food stand on a tuesday night i decided to choose the same plate as a customer who sat just outside:dada plate - 7,50"a bit of everything with meat."this plate was as beautiful as it tasted! the dada plate was definitely a work of art! the festive red and green colors of the tomato/cilantro salad, the orange sliced carrots and cool green cumbersome on a bed of salad, the charming yellow honey mustard, dancing with the neutral and whites in between of hummus and babaganoush! of course we mustn't forget that slab of sultry red chili paste! on this canvas were 3 falafel, all placed separated from each other i bring weight and balance, each with a wonderful crispy texture on the outside and a moist center that have gave me the vest falafel experience i ever had! i ordered this with meat, which i am guessing lamb, but i'm sorry to say it was quite mediocre; it tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile. it wasn't terrible bit i ate it all. to beak the round shapes was a small fried filo-dough wrap that had little greens in it. it tasted like a vegetarian chinese eggroll to me. the cous-cous was fine as well. all the various textures and flavors and food temperatures came together so wonderfully! i loved it very much!this dish also came with a pita bread but i didn't bother with it. i shared this with my sis and it was just the right amount of food if you're looking to have dessert after! ;)although this place was somewhat of a food stand, you have to option i waking next door to the dada galerie for seating where it's also an art gallery and bar for drinks! there are optional designs upstairs as long as you being all your dirty dishes back down to the good stand.this place definitely has the art gallery feel that is great for nightlife. i really enjoyed the artsy dada movement atmosphere! i'd come back because the food was great, it was reasonably priced, the staff was friendly and just a wonderful atmosphere for a date or outing with friends! ok, i cannot speak for food. i hear the food is good. we did not try the food. but they were advertising cocktails outside so we came in for cocktails. and on the subject of cocktails, this place was bad.really bad.it was packed with diners as we went in but told there was seating upstaurs. there was, in a small and completely blank alcove with white walls and grey seats. we were then prompty forgot about and had to ask the waiter if we should come downstairs for drinks. no no, he'll come up.the cocktails were all 6 euros and came on a one sided sheet. they ranged from ok (like the bright blue swimming pool which tasted like a pina colada only sweeter) to the worst margarita in history (so bitter everyone who took a sip got an 'i bit into a lemon' face.) a couple of the people in the group don't drink so they got a yoghurt drink, which typically does come with salt, but this was like salad dressing in a cup. mint, yoghurt and a ton of salt. there was live music and the downstairs was pretty, which is the only thing that saves this place. and the food i hear is pretty good.but sorry dada, you advertise cocktails, you get judged on cocktails.	1	0	1	0	1
 yum-aaazing! i ordered the wurstparade with sauerkraut and substituted the boiled potatoes for fried potatoes. the fried potatoes were so good and crispy! i ordered the pretzel as an appetizer. i didn't remember that there was mustard on the table until i was half way done eating it, so don't forget there's mustard on the table. i also ordered a beer with passionfruit flavoring. hands down this was one of my favorite meals in berlin. ali, our server, was excellent and spoke great english. also, there's an english menu, so don't hesitate to ask. during a berlin city tour...this place was recommended by the tour guide for authentic german food and beer! and let you...i left very happy and impressed! we ordered the german sausage platter ..which came with 3 types of sausages, german pizza with bacon...and german pork steak with some kind of sauce...and complemented by fried potato and bread dumpling...and of course german lager!!!german sausage platter was great. had 6pcs..2 of each kind, with sauerkraut....nicely grilled with good table mustard provided. pork steaks were cooked perfectly and the sauce complemented it really well. the fried potato ball had a very unique texture... it was a cross between a dumpling and mashed potato. lol. chewy and soft to taste...good but not my cup of team. the pizza was the best one...nice very thin and flaky crust...good white sauce base and topped with real back bacon bits...outstanding! have not had pizza with crust this thin...it was truly one of a kind...the beer was outstanding too. excellent lager...stronger than a corona but smooth and refreshing!location was awesome too. located in sony plaza...open concept with arts exhibits around and various events going on. plus you get to see the tent that sony made that resembles mount fuji! its a sight to behold and a tourist attraction as well. bonus: near by, there is a gelato cart selling creamy out of this world gelato for only $1.5 euro a scoop. when in berlin...this place is worth a visit! happy eating! food was pretty average. service was pretty average. i could have had better bier at lesser price. admittedly, i was there after the berlin marathon, so i am sure it was more than busy... the food was not good. i got the baked patato, it was cold and it smelled very bad. i dont think the food in this restaurant is fresh. might be a good place for just having drinks. certainly overpriced for the quality of food you get very hygge place to eat if you can find a table. we shared our table upstairs and had a fantastic time in the lively and beautiful atmosphere. staff were very busy so service was a bit slow. we tried the white sausage and pork knuckle. both were excellent paired with the pale ale. authentic and delicious. great stop if you are in berlin! the service here was good, and the location was convenient. however, the food was only adequate. we sat inside and it was relatively quiet, the outside can be somewhat of a zoo with people roaming around seemingly at will. it was ok, but nothing special. the pork had a lot of fat in it, and was about 1/2 wasted. as someone mentioned, all of the beer on the menu is "weird" stuff like a banana beer. first time i've been to this place. i go every year for the berlin ff. we sat in the back, we had 10 people.. the waiter was amazing and funny... (short hair, funny) anyway, i had the chicken which was amazing.. everyone else had weiner snitzel... a+ spot. casual but great place.for quick.. this is your spot. was in berlin on business for the week and ate here a few times. it was very convenient. roasted pork knuckle, pickled herring, thuringer brats were all good. nothing fancy just good and good beer. good place to meet up with people. good beer, envoirement and tradicionalgerman food. no mistake for first time visiting berlin. we walked in, were told to look for a table, but only on the first floor. which has about 7 small tables. we asked about the two other huge floors- they were "closed" yet, there were diners on both the third and second floors. a second colleague asked someone else, and they were told the other floors were open but we weren't allowed to look for tables. i have no idea what the issue was but the service alone is not worth the strife. pros: locationcons: worst service. the waiter has no service mind. if you don't like working there, go find another job. mediocre food do not get the butchers platter unless you are a part of 4-5. the dark beer was great and the service was friendly. you will need a special card for the cigar machine which the staff provided. great atmosphere and ambiance. good location near the sony center. nice ambiance. tables for small or large groups. menu was limited to a few main courses. tried their goulash, meh. service was fine. i think there are better places to dine but if you're here and hungry, it's not bad. i always come here for a dunkel when i'm in berlin. the waiters sometimes appear annoyed at first, but just stay put and they warm up after the first beer. look, if i had to serve hordes of tourists on a daily basis i would probably be annoyed as well. o, and the view of the electric tannenbaum is worth it pretty good fare. tried the goulash, roast pork, pilsner, and green berliner weie (weisse).times visited: 1 located in the sony building just a 10 minute walk away from the berlin marriott hotel, lindenbrau is a "beer garden." the wife and i aren't big on beer (shocking, i know!), but opted to have dinner here to sample some german fare. reviews about the placed were mixed, so we hoped for the best! like most of berlin, english isn't an issue here. in fact, there's english menus readily available. service, however, is a bit different. we had to ask to be seated and had to ask for our check. we were largely ignored here, which was in sharp contrast to other places we visited while in berlin. so what was supposed to be a quick dinner ended up being quite a long one.  but how was the food? it was ok. my wife ordered the wienerschnitzel with parsley potatoes, cranberries and lemon (19.50euro). for my meal, i ordered the roasted pork knuckle with sauerkraut and some bread cheese thing (15.00euro). my wife thought her wienerschnitzel was unremarkable, but was in love with the amazing buttery parsley potatoes. my dish, on the other hand, was amazing! the pork was crunchy on the outside, but tender and juicy on the inside. the sauerkraut was really good too, but the bread was super heavy. my only wish was that the knuckle could have been seasoned before being roasted. a slightly salty crust would have made it all the better!would i go back? of course. the food is good, though the service isn't that great. it's a good moderately priced option within easy walking distance of many of the sights in berlin. too touristic, therefore not good. i had a wiener schnitzel from veal for 21 euros. it was very chewy and definitely not worth the price. beer is okay. i had the zwickel (kellerbier naturtrb) and it was tasty. we stopped in here for a late lunch. it was a beautiful 65 degree day so we sat on the upper level balcony. the location is great - it's really cool inside the sony center, especially on a nice day with a lot of people around, and you have a nice view of it from the balcony.the food and beer here are amazing. i got the brauhauspfanne, which was basically a sampling of every type of typical german pig-based meat you can think of, and they were all great. i'm not much of a sauerkraut fan but even that, on the bottom marinating in the juices, was good. my wife got the potato soul (kartoffelsuppe) which was also good.on to the beer - on a whim, my american, imperial-unit-minded self saw the "1 meter bier" sampler, with 0,2 l pours, and thought "yea! that's not too much, i should totally go with that!" trust me.- it's more than it sounds. as it turns out, that's over 6 ounces in each sampling, which makes it over four beers in all. but - hey - they were good at least! my favorite was the dunkel, so much that after getting through all eight samples i ordered another one. it might be one of the best beers i've ever had, and i've lived in the northeast and northwest us, so i've had my share of good beer. it's that good, and if you like dark beers, you need to try it.service was quick and efficient, we didn't see our waiter all that often but it seemed that whenever we needed him, he'd pop up. the default menu is only in german, but if you ask, they do have an english version inside.if you're in berlin, definitely head to linderbrau - and try the dunked beer. just make sure you have a partner for the meter beer. this is a cool bavarian style restaurant in a very modern potsdamer platz. the beer is outstanding and the "brewery classic" food is super. the schweinshaxe is the best...... felt a little like a tgifridays. food was solid. being a vegetarian, i could only get cheese and bread. they bring out the cheese melted (amazing), the bread was not as great. apple strudel was only okay. french fries were only okay.great for groups--no need to make a reservation because they have so many places to sit (five levels) and service was friendly. they have english menus and good beer. great food and great service. really enjoyed the atmosphere here as well as the meter beer! we stopped by for a dinner after exploring the city. this place was recommended by the berliner. shortly i can say: friendly staff, good kitchen, excellent beer (btw they brew it themselves) we really enjoyed it.this was our first visit to berlin and to lindenbru. this place is very modern and in the heart of sony center in the heart of potsdamer-platz.i had the "special brewery pan" with loaf, leberkse", sausages, "sauerkraut", market vegetables and dumpling. didn't care for the dumpling but the meat and veggies were great. i also started with the goulash soup. don't miss that! i'd say it was the highlight of my meal. nancy had the veal schnitzel. also very good.of course, we both enjoyed some bier! we each had a pilsner. lighter side - nice. good food and beer, acceptable service. enjoyed our experience until the end, when we found the line "tip not included" on the bill. this is incorrect and misleading for non-german customers. by law, "bedienung" (service) has to be included in menu prices. shame on management! i have visited here every 1-2 years or so for the last 12 years. i have to say the food has really gone downhill. last we ordered a baked potato, whihc was simply a lauwarm microwaved potato wrapped in foil for "style". really sad. the salad with turkey was likewise made without a hint of love, the dressing was overabundant and sweet. the sptzle was another huge disappointment, with fake fried onions and not a hint of a reason why it is served in an iron skillet. it seemed also to be made with cream - yuck! and limburger? i didnt taste any.the service on the other hand was really good as usual, i expect this has a lot to do with the tipping habits of the foreign visitors.so in short, expect small portions, and surprisingly inauthentic food, when not downright offensive (as in by a microwaved potato). i dont mind to spend money at potsdamer platz, but at least fill me up. i live here and used to really look forward to eating there before going to the movies at cinestar. those days are sadly long gone by. i dont even want to know where the beer comes from. the location is just fantastic, the beer and the food is great and so is the atmosphere. we go here each time we are in berlin and love it each time. the food was ok. nothing special. but that's not why i'm giving it only one star. the service was very poor. we waited for about ten minutes before a server came to our table, and it was not crowded at all. there were four tables per server. the server, an older male, was cold and dismissive throughout dinner. i've lived in germany for about 13 years, and was entertaining guests who had never been here before, and i felt it necessary to apologize and explain that this is not normal in germany. i will never return and will ensure not to recommend this restaurant. hard to get seats here. three floors of total busy-ness + you have to find and then seat yourself may make your life very miserable if you are starving and it's pouring outside.but was it worth it? i think so!love the way the restaurant looks and the whole feel of it.also love that you can get a yard of different beer to sample.also love that their meat platter for four not only comes with enough pork to feed 8 people, but it also comes with 4 shots of schnapps (that smell like vodka).their schnitzel is good too.also helps that it's inside the sony center, which in and of itself is just plain gorgeous in the evening.wonderful place! microbrewery, beer hall and bistro in the potsdamerplatz sony center of berlin. try the 'schmankerlplatte' a platter of schweinhoxe, leberkasse, sausages and fixins' that serves 4. i've had it a number of times when there with business associates. we call it 'death by meat'. there is sooo much!good food, good times. sit way upstairs on the outer balcony. good people watching in the cavernous, touristy sony center. love the location and atmosphere - the beer, too. but the food? had a wiener schnitzel - luke warm, tough, dry. the white asparagus was overlooked and very soft, but that perhaps may be the local style. potatoes were warmish and flavorless. for the prices, i expected more. but i will go again when back in berlin to give them another try.	1	0	1	1	1
 awesome meal here. great atmosphere, fun staff, delicious food. he recommended the platter for us and it was spot on - pulled pork, ribs and bbq chicken. delish! i'm from america. eaten bbq from tennessee to north carolina etc. this place feels like it's from an american grocery chain. maybe even frozen. don't go here we've only tasted the ribs and the pulled pork, and i can recommend both. very nice place. they serve you a nice corn soup as a starter - very good one. and after a long search we might have found our new ,,bbq place" in berlin. we had the plate for two persons and mac&cheese. i loved the smokey taste of the ribs and the chicken and for sure it was the beste pulled pork i've ever had in berlin. bbq is great - probably the best in berlin, but where they really shine is their sides. perfect.im a pork-purist, but this is the only place on planet earth that ill order the chicken. i never order chicken in a restaurant. its that good. meat, sides and bread are of very low quality. we felt sick after. the only way i can explain the positive reviews is because those must have been either written by teenagers who have not traveled yet and tasted a good bbq or because people prefer quantity over quality. the chicken tasted like paper, the philly cheesesteak was not a philly cheesesteak. no idea what that was. meat and bread were disgusting. nothing about this place is authentic. chaotic management. we booked a table and were seated and 5 min later told to get up so two girls that walked in could sit down. the kitchen in the back looks nasty. crowd is too young and too loud. and too drunk. maybe that's why they enjoy the food. you gotta be drunk to like it. amazingly tasting spare ribs, probably the best in berlin, and a unique inviting atmosphere.a bit slow in service, nevertheless friendly. great bbq place. i have not found a better one in berlin yet. i took a few people there and so far everybody was happy!for larger parties they offer platters which include a selection of everything. convenient. great food, fair prices, nice staff, i recommend! plus point: the ribs & sides are good quality at a reasonable price...their own beer also very decent.however - and i wouldn't have believed it if i hadn't experienced it with my own eyes - we booked for four @ 18.30 and were there on time. what we hadn't realised - mainly because it wasn't mentioned - was the fact that they operate on a strict 90 minute turnaround, in other words 75-80 minutes after you arrive they come to the table and tell you need to wrap things up within the next 15-20 minutes as the next guests will be arriving.none of us had encountered anything like this outside manhattan - it certainly felt way out of place in berlin!service would have barely scraped a 1 *, but everything else was much more positive. the joint was packed and we were told there were no seats available, so we turned to leave. at that point tony, the self proclaimed "king of the street" jumped from behind the bar offering free corn chowder and shots if we stayed. he then opened our beers with a huge meat cleaver and sat us with a couple that was getting ready to leave. tony said "be friendly, do as germans!" he took our order and we had food within 5-10min tops. it was fantastic. he came by again with another free shot and gave us mugs to take home. king of the street indeed, sir. what a plate of food! the meat platter is sensational. if you are after some fall of the bone amercian style bbq food then here is the place! the guys here care about what they do and they want to see people happy and smiling as they leave! they got this one right! couple of points to note. it is a little out of the way as berlin restaurants go and if you have a group then you will need to book well in advance as the venue isnt huge!good nosh! came here hankering for some american bbq and left with a solid place to go to if that feeling decides to return. good beer, solid ribs and pulled pork. this bbq place offers good barbecue food and traditional sides such as coleslaw and mac n cheese. we had the whole slab of ribs and philly steak and cheese sandwich. the bbq sauce on the ribs was good, reminded me of the states and the sandwich was also tasty. the location is clean and the personal seemed nice. i gave this 4 stars, but only because i couldn't give it another half star. almost perfect, the ribs could have been a little thicker and fall of the bone to what i am used to. chicago williams is a true bbq-gem in berlin. they serve kickass meats and super sideorders. you'll get value for money if you order the trays! there's def enough food for 2 very hungry people if you chose a tray for 2 e.g. we got three kinds of meat (pulled pork, ribs and chicken) and a large sideorder of our choice. we also ordered a mac'n'cheese which we came to realize was def too much food - we couldn't eat any of the pulled pork and decided to bring it home instead.their drinks are good and strong and they have a large(!!!) selection of beers!the service is splendid and the owner is always up for a chit chat about meat, beer or anything else really. oh, and you get a free appetizer before you order - we got a great corn chowder :) firstly, those whom have rated this establishment 4 or 5 stars based on the "bbq", y'all need a trip to the states. i'm not trying to be a pompous ami, but tonight might've been my worst bbq experience ever. quality bbq is defined by smoke & ribs. the "ribs" were fingers, & the meat should have a defined pink smoke ring to prove its time in the smoker. the meat was white (as in boiled or baked or both). the rib/fingers were tender, but so what. more importantly, the ribs were devoid of bbq smoke flavor. entirely absent of bbq's required essence, smoke. strike bbq from their record, cw is not barbecue. sauce also is a defining moment for any proper bbq joint, worcestershire sauce w/ maybe some tomato paste is not a positive defining moment. just plain awful. definitely the worst bbq sauce i've ever ingested (but it did provide flavor for the meat). go get a dner instead. excellent bbq and sides. looking forward to coming here more. stylish place with hipster waiters but not very authentic food for those who have experienced the real american bbq taste... we had a meat platter for three with a couple additional sides. size and price were appropriate but the meats (ribs, pulled pork & pastrami) were missing the little something that would have made it an authentic us bbq. but still it's a fun atmosphere and definitely a unique place in berlin! and i guess for a german-american bbq the best it can be! this place is awesome! we had been wanting to go for ages and it lived up to all expectations! amazing tender bbq ribs and sides. the mash and gravy was my favorite. we also had the cheesecake which was delicious too! they also carry a good beer selection, including one brewed for them.you have to go here!!! this american bbq meat joint has a small menu, but the variety should be enough to please any meat lover. we went with a two person meat platter (~600 gr. of meat!!). our pick enabled us to select three meat items from the menu: bbq ribs, sausage, home made beef brisket, pulled bbq pork and bbq chicken. we went for the latter three + cole slaw for a side dish (included).the pulled pork and chicken were simply amazing. tender, juicy and tasty. the home made beef brisket is a good start , but there is room for improvement on the flavor (stronger dry-rub or more salt and acidity maybe?). the dishes came with two sorts of bbq sauce, spicy and non-spicy. both good! i would rate the food four stars as it isn't perfect but pretty darn good. it's the total experience that makes me rate it with an fifth. the service is fast and friendly, and you are welcomed with an appetizer. although located in mitte, this restaurant isn't pricey at all. you could easily settle for under 18 each. in our case that included the two person meat platter, a 0,5l bio hefe weiss beer and a moscow mule cocktail.ps: without drinks you could even settle for under ~13. bbq was very tasty. the meat platters are an excellent value giving you an opportunity to try pulled pork, chicken and the delicious ribs with a side dish. the staff were indignant, chasing everyone out ten minutes before the set closing hour -- on a saturday night with full beers yet -- by shutting off the music and flipping chairs up. too bad because it was lively and great for groups. good bbq. generous portions at good prices. quality food - it's all about the ribs baby. cool atmosphere rounds it all out. this is not real bbq, they boil their ribs, slap them on a grill to give them a grilled look and smother them with sweat bbq sauce - it is like a tgi fridays baby back rib back in the us. quite a disappointment, especially using a authentic us bbq sounding name.. if you want real bbq, move on. you can't call it bbq unless it is smoked (boil and grilling is not bbq) - just sayin.. my rib was all burned!:( i don't find any special except homemade beerbut people like it. for me was totally normal nothing special. but chicken was good. dunkel bier was good also.better reservationi guess, bit hipster place. our power had been off for 5 days, our cat was missing, and yesterday was the mann's birthday. we were looking for something - anything - to cheer us up. i went to my handy lost of places to go in berlin (pinterest.com/texkourgan) and found a place sure to fill our stomachs, if not our hears. i drooled over the copious meaty pictures and started to plan our meal before we even arrived. the place was as advertised, stylish but unpretentious, uber friendly staff and a concise, mount-watering menu. i'm not joking about friendly - we were greeted as soon as we entered the door, given an appetizing corn chowder to take the edge off our hunger, and introduced to the restaurant. throughout our meal, the guy at the counter was fun, helpful and accommodating. customer service in berlin?! this was starting out well. we made our order at the counter which included an ipa (yeah!) and the two person meat-platter. the platters are very well-priced with 3 choices of meat (we chose brisket, pulled pork & ribs) and a side (we selected baked beans) for 25 euros. this is a steal. the meats were accompanied by thinly chopped red onion, jalapenos, and a smear of apple sauce. as i ate, i tried different combos and loved how the flavors changed with pairings. we were not just satisfied - we loved our meal here. we will be back. with friends.i'd love to try their other dishes, but worry the sandwiches at 12.50 are a little pricy. i'll have to give it a try and report back. the only other tiny issue was that my limo-kola was 3.50 - same as the beer (no cheap drink options). c'mon guys! i would much prefer the beer, but the baby would not. notes: cash onlygermans may be unaccustomed to some of the spice levels - but try it guys! its great.world cup was on inside, but was unobtrusive if you didn't care to watch. endnote: that night our power came back on and we found our cat (after 3 days missing). coincidence of our uplifted attitudes? maybe. but maybe not... i love this place! come here quite often, every time i have a craving for bbqed goods. i love the porn rib sandwich. best rib sandwich i've ever had. i like their style of serving people. it's not your typical stuck up attitude. i like the fact that they're very down to earth. it's a bbq joint, for crying out loud, not a posh restaurant. refused to seat me and my partner on the basis that we are english speaking tourists! sent away clearly tables within the restaurant empty and available fun, boisterous atmosphere; good food. went on new year's eve and had a blast. shared a three meat platter between 2 adults and 2 kids - didn't leave hungry. reserved space on open table (unless you have 6 or more people you'll end up sharing a table as we did with a couple of nice guys from denmark). will definitely go back. chicago williams is a mixed bag. the meat platter for two is a good value, but the quality of the food was inconsistent.my friend and i both agreed that the sides were better than the meat. while the ribs were passable, the brisket was far too tough and lacking in flavor. skip the cheesesteak, it is not authentic (nor is the one at hamburger heaven, for those keeping score).i wouldn't be opposed to going here if i'm in the area, which isn't very often. however, the food didn't leave a good enough impression on me to make it worth the trip otherwise.plain and simple: if this place were in the us, it would not survive. this place is out of this world. an american style bbq joint in the the heart of berlin. amazing. the food is so fresh and delicious. recommend the ribs/mac/coleslaw! also the hells bier is great. i'm emphatic because it was that good. by the way they offer you apple sauce with your ribs, i'm sold!	0	0	1	0	1
 awesome american style burgers and fries for any expat looking to get their beef fix! our group of 12 ordered many things, and our favorites were the cheeseburger, teriyaki burger, bbq bacon burger, and sweet potatoes fries. the bacon guac burger was also good but not the best; not the most flavorful, but great ingredients. the mediterranean burger was our least favorite, as well as the regular fries - go with sweet potato! having a severe peanut allergy, i was skeptical at first because they use peanuts in many of their burgers, sauces and coleslaw. it was easy enough to avoid, but be aware. the service was good enough - kind of short, but got every order correct at our large table. our reservation for 12 was squeezed onto an 8 person table. it's a pretty cramped shop. also located in a part of berlin that is harder to access than others, without many popular attractions nearby. but overall we were all happy with the food, left stuffed by the american sized portions, and the prices were good too. it's worth the trek into this section of berlin! as a vegan - wish there were more choices than just the mediterranean without the cheese or mayo- it's a nice veggie sandwich with slices of eggplant and zucchini but not a burger.good service with friendly waitstaff. love love love everything about this place!!! food fantastic, great crowd, good music. couldn't think of a better place to hang with a group of friends. good vibe! brger amt doesn't disappoint. stumbled in on a friday night, hungry looking for food. yes, i love burgers but one has to be in the mood for burgers, especially after midnight!the staff is relaxed, super nice and attentive! burgerarmt is the freestyle place you can feel very casual, it is dark and very lax. on the giant flat-screen tv was a movie about graffiti and some freestyle train sport. the staff very casual but totally nice. i started to get worried about how lax the restrooms are going to be like. tada! absolutely clean and great. do no judge the restroom by its cover??they serve mainly burgers. there are some salads and side dishes, like sweet potato fries! the prices are decent. but the burgers are amazing!i ordered a cheeseburger and one gets to choose three diff. cheeses from about 5 or 6 different types of cheeses. i went with the unusual and new to me, gorgonzola, feta and cheddar cheese. one has to have cheddar cheese if you get the option to eat cheddar cheese in berlin. the burger was a normal "german" size burger, it was juicy, delicious and very cheesy. i have to say, i will probably pass on the gorgonzola the next time i have a choice but it was truly a nice burger and worth a try.they serve non-alcoholic, alcoholic drinks and even had a coffee late at night ! (i was the designated driver). all in all, a nice place to try out.i am sure this place is even better if you go there after the sunday flea market at boxhagener platz, right outside the door!enjoy! one of the best burger places in berlin. a bit pricey, but definitely worth your money. something is good and something is bad! first the good things... the burgers! nice buns and beef! delicious!there is a poster that shows ronald mac hanging from a tree... and sure for the burgers! but the fries were below average... and there were actually to many. better with less but better quality.the milkshake machine was out of order... so i can't say anything about that.the worst was the service! not paying attention. and were too full of themselves. we had beers and juice, and still had to pay for two glass of small tap water without ice! ok, so i might be a bit of burger snob, but given the reviews i was expecting much more out of this place. the burgers are nice, but are not mind blowing, and this could be understandable given the price range. they could also tone down on the sauces a bit, which do actually hide the taste of both the burger and the toppings.kudos for the super friendly and attentive service though. the waiters and their friendliness were by far the best part of this experience. we arrived on saturday night without having made a reservation - ok, our mistake, but the waiter told us it would take 30 minutes, so we signed up and came back after 30 minutes, but then he said it would be another 10 minutes max, so ok, we waited another not 10, but 20 minutes. the place was full, people were waiting in line, but at least one waiter that had been there was chatting away without worrying too much. we were finally sat down at our table and had been waiting for 20 minutes without even getting a menu or ordering drinks. at that stage the restaurant was beginning to get emptier, therefore there was really no excuse for this rude behaviour. finally, we go up and decided to leave. i went up to the waiter, who was simply standing next to the register and chatting and told him that we were leaving, since we had been waiting for a long time without even being given some menus. he simply looked at me and said, "ok, bye-bye." no apologies, no "sorry, we will be right there." nothing. now, i'm not a tourist and i have been living in berlin for over 6 years, so rude behaviour from waiting staff is no news to me, but this simply crosses every line, even for berlin standards. if the place is full, just say an hour, not 30 minutes, and if you finally sit your customers down, at least let them look at the menu.it was a terrible experience. it wasn't my first time going there, and it was absolutely fine before, so i would imagine it's the staff that had to be either properly trained or changed altogether. however, these types of restaurants, with so many positive reviews about their food, generally don't bother with the service, since people will keep coming anyway. it's a shame that something like this can ruin a couple's saturday night dinner, though dinner was not even close to be involved in this incident. the visit here didn't start amazingly. we decided that we would try to speak some german whilst in berlin, so we learned a few stock phrases to help. i wondered in and asked for a table for 2, having been doing this for 3 days and been instantly recognised as english every time. not this time...some i had to admit the limit of my german and say "err..what?" - a little embarrassing. luckily the visit went better from there. the burgers were good, the fries very nice and the service was prompt but i probably wouldn't say it's amazing enough to warrant another visit should i visit berlin again. had the special burger & it was delicious. meat was cooked to a medium rare perfection. the tomatoes were lightly seasoned & added flavor to the burger, topped with a sesame seed bun. i love my burgers and this place did not disappoint. in addition, the walls were plastered with hip hop posters which added a cool effect great buns; friendly service; dope/clean interior. a "normal" serving of fries is pretty big. no mustard, the yellow bottles are mayo. tabasco, though! with melted cheese and the fat of a thousand burgers running in my veins i feel well qualified to state that for less that 5, this cheeseburger is unsurpassed in berlin. good affordable burgers, nice and friendly staff too! very popular, so very crowded. but it's worth the wait. i would def recommend this place! i passed the seven bardos and buddha greeted me himself. he asked if i want to go to nirvana, he shall grant that. i said i want back earth, be a small cow of joy and join with the ethernal bliss and become the burger myself.because the burger is the truth, the burger is the way. if the doors of perception were cleansed the burger would taste as it is... infinite. the perfect place for my boyfriend to propose to me. completely packed with a line out the door, delicious delicious burgers. will definitely go back. really good burgers, nice professional staff... big variety of options, and sweet potato fries! awesome!i was eating at the smaller restaurant (there's a bigger one but it was already closed) it was my second time at burgeramt and after having tried different burgers in berlin i have to admit, that the 5* are definitely earned. for finding out my favourite burger place, at some point i started to only order cheeseburgers. you have the choice of 3 out of 5 cheeses at burgeramt: cheddar, gouda, mozzeralla, emmental and gorgonzola. as a lover of blue cheese, i ordered a triple gorgonzola cheese burger for around 5 bucks, topping it up to a menu with fries and coleslaw. hands down the best coleslaw ever: no cream but a delicious vinegraitte and a handful peanuts inside. just great.the fries were delicious as well so there was absolutely no reason for me of not giving 5*. i will be coming back many times as it is quite good priced!btw: they play a nice mix of hiphop and reggae in the background and the flair of the location is great as well. i had a bbq bacon burger with cheese. really tasty and high quality meat.staff is friendly and you can sit with your friends in front of the restaurant.definitely would recommend this place to my friends. warning americans: they don't have chili-burgers like back home... otherwise, it's all good -even for your vegetarian friend(s) as they do have hallumi burgers. basically this place is ttraight up old school hiphop and burgers. one of the best burgers i have had in berlin for a great price! the only downside i found with burgeramt is how popular it is. i tried i few times to eat in the regular restaurant but there is always a long wait. luckily, they have a take-away shop right next door! there was a line there as well but it was much shorter than the wait to sit down. the staff was very friendly and spoke english to me (even though i tried to order in german).i was excited to see a teriyaki burger on their menu because it is one of my favorite burger styles! next time i might get it with a chicken patty just to try but the hamburger meat was delicious. the burger had a good helping of toppings but not too much, like some berlin burger restaurants that tend to overload their burgers. the french fries were also good, although nothing special.my burger cost around 5 - relatively cheap compared to most of the super popular burger places in the city. i definitely enjoyed my 5 burger at burgeramt more than the 10+ burgers at white trash fast food.overall, i had a great experience at burgeramt and will definitely be getting take-away there again! maybe i will even get to dine in someday... :) this place sucks!!! the buns are hard and whole grain, the beef is dry and chewy and the sauce plain boring. the staff is begging you for tips in a really annoying way. only good thing is some of the decorations. during my trip to berlin i visited the burgeramt in friedrichshain. not the restaurant which is beside the takeaway. due to the small location only a few seats are available. there is also the possibility to sit outside.the takeaway has a nice environment. at the top there are many posters and funny pictures. they are providing many different burgers. i have chosen the chili cheeseburger with normal fries as side order because i like hot stuff. the price is really ok. a small one costs 3.90 and the bigger one 4.90. we had to wait about 15 min. the burger was made in front of us. the burger was tasty, big, juicy and the fries where awesome. i was able to eat up the whole plate but after that i was feeling sick ^^ eyes are always more hungry : )conclusio: cheap and tasty burger, cool environment, friendly personnel,if you ever go to berlin do not forget to get some burgers at the burgeramt. i can only say: unbelievably good!!i recommend reserving a table before heading there, specifically on holidays and weekends! first experience with burgeramt - frstcksklub and i must say the breakfast i had was really what i wished for. well, i had the only dish they offer for breakfast - the english breakfast - so it's a little overrated to call it "frstcksklub", but that's me. anyways, the food was fresh (as fresh tinned baked beans and fries can be - unfortunately the fries weren't homemade): two well fried eggs, sunny side up, grilled tomato, bacon and sausage accompanied by toast and the all time favorite english bitter. nicely arranged and really a lot of food... for only 7,90 euro what i find reasonable. the freshly squeezed oj was quite good and tasted fully like oranges. the only thing i didn't like was the coffee but maybe it was exception. i will try it again another day. the burgers are fairly okay, the fries are just the average (frozen?) ones. but the service is the real problem here... 40min of waiting before getting a table, 20min of trying to get someone take your order and finally an other 40min before your food arrives... yet what really makes me angry, is that i realized that we had been charged 0,60ct for a glass of tap water!!! i have never seen that before and i won't risk it ever again... extremely disappointing. the chips are amazing (especially the sweet potato ones). the cole slaw is unique. the dishes are really big. we both had the classik burger and i really enjoyed the meat. it was rich in flavor. my husband liked it but not as much as i did (he's very picky with burgers). the decor is great!service is cold, waitress was kind of a bi**h. that's mainly why they get 4 stars. good overall performance, but be careful the standard cheeseburger got ketchup... and ketchup in burger is a no no.go for the spezial or the other non ketchup ones beef patty was thick and good. everything was too fresh and juicy that they soon broke through the "dner kebap" paperbag, i ate some wet paper.... i ordered chilli cheese burger, considering the restaurant's massive good reviews i don't dare to say it's not good, but i prefer hasir burger near kotbusser tor - the advantage of burgeramt is that there's no real crazy people around outside, and inside! good black music made up my last 5 years' absence from nightclub. i came here cuz i was eating at the wonderful schraders while reading reviews complaining about schaders ' s frozen beef patty and fries, the review said the bird and burgeramt 's are better. but burgeramt 's fries tasted just as frozen food, better than mcdonald's but curry 36 is much better! anyway i think i will come back to try the bbq bacon something burger. best burger in berlin for me. not a big fan of the restaurant but for grabbing a burger from the imbiss and going over to sit in boxi park it is perfect.burgers are super delicious, not too overly big that you can't eat them but still very filling. love the pommes and the special sauce.i frequent this place a bit more than i would care to admit. really some of the best burgers in berlin. i've eaten at the dine in restaurant as well as the take out stand and both are equally good. the meat is always a nice medium rare, the sauces are excellent and the buns are pleasantly covered in sesame seeds. it's a great value as well, around 5-6 for a burger and around 2 for a very generous portion of fries to go around. i typically go to the take out stand, since the main restaurant has up to an hour wait on a weekend. if it's crowded or not, the wait is still a bit long to get your food but totally worth it.	1	1	1	0	1
 great authentic mexican food. nice specials, and friendly staff. they consistently deliver great food, and i would say the same about their hartford and enfield spots as well, which i've been to several times. came to this hidden manchester gem at the invite of my oldest son spanish 3 teacher. she was offering extra credit for any student who came and spoke spanish while enjoying dinner. this is my favorite authentic local mexican place by far. my son enjoyed his pollo adado ( chicken burrito), it was full of moist chicken and the perfect size. at first i thought he would bring some home but he was able to eat the whole thing. ( 15 yo lol ) . the free chips and salsa were a nice app to our meal. i ordered 2 tostadas one beef and one chicken and they were well prepared. i also grabbed 2 tamales to go for my better half. you can tell a lot from a mexican restaurant by its tamales and these were spot on and even though one was a bit over steamed still very good . the staff was great letting the kids attempt to speak in spanish and earn extra credit the 4 families including the teacher were sat at a large long table and we all had a great meal. definitely be back soon. recently visited los sarapes and was not disappointed. the salsa was fresh and was really good. we got carnitas and some enchiladas. everything was great- hot, well-seasoned, and reasonably priced. i would definitely recommend and would visit again. small restaurant found on manchester's main street. colorful interior, decorated for dia de los muertos today with lots of sugar skulls. waitress friendly.complimentary salsa delicious. chips nice and crunchy. had the flautas dinner. a huge portion of four crunchy chicken flautas topped with cool fresh lettuce and onion and drizzled with mexican crema. rice and beans wonderful accompaniments. asked for salsa verde, and highly recommend. made a great tart, slightly hot flavor enhancer.i liked this better than sarapes in enfield. i can't believe i only found this place a few months ago. i'm a huge fan of sarapes in enfield... so imagine my delight in finding los sarapes in manchester... owned and operated by members of the same family that owns sarapes! i believe sarapes is the parents' restaurant and los sarapes is the children's (daughter's?) restaurant. it's 25 minutes to enfield for me but los sarapes is 10 minutes from my front door... the food is the same high quality considering many are family recipes. i admit i feel a little guilty sometimes, almost like i'm cheating on sarapes by going to los sarapes so often.i'm trying to eat a little healthier these days, so i've moved on from chile rellenos to my new go-to dish, the platillo oaxaqueno. mexican beef, spiced pork, tasty rice and beans... so flavorful... and if i pass on the optional tortilla, i can fill up without feeling stuffed. i just ate here this past weekend, and already can't wait to go back, my mouth is watering just thinking about it!the complimentary chips and salsa and salsa verde are excellent, and the guacamole is some of the best i've ever had. one minor disappointment, unlike the enfield sarapes, los sarapes does not carry squirt soda. they do have jarritos grapefruit... but it's not quite the same. i loved this restaurant. the service was good & the food was really good too! i had the chicken fajitas and they were full of flavor.you should definitely try it.i don't think you'll be disappointed! i just relocated to the area and i love mexican food. this place will not disappoint. first be prepared that it is kind of small inside but that means to me that they value your patronage and will try their best to accommodate you....los sarapes did not disappoint. i got the chicken fajitas and boy oh boy...they were seasoned like your own abuela seasoned them. the wait staff, i assume is a part of the family that owns this place and these two ladies were so nice and friendly. all in all...if in doubt... go and try this place out! it's phenomenal! oh, oh...the reviews for this restaurant are actually on point. it is a hole in the wall that is short of help.... but, five stars for the chicken burrito and the orchata fresca! overpriced, mediocre food, and terrible service. i was looking forward to trying some good mexican food in the area and decided on los sarapes because of the amazing reviews. for someone who lived in texas for 10+ years, i know how tough it is to beat the authentic food i grew up eating. but i could not have been more disappointed. i ordered the combination platter with two enchiladas and a tamale. after getting our food, we spent a good 10 minutes trying to flag down our waitress even though we were the only customers there. we had to ask her for utensils, limes, sauce, basically everything that should've come with our food.the tamale was decent, but the enchiladas were terrible. i was so disappointed that i thought they may have gotten my order wrong. it was the tiniest serving of dry chicken wrapped in a corn tortilla with lettuce on top for $13!when i finally got the waitress's attention again, all she said was that was what i ordered. she wouldn't offer to put in another order of something i might enjoy better, but instead walked behind the register and started talking and laughing about us to another employee. you really shouldn't bad-mouth your customers within earshot, and maybe you should make sure they don't speak spanish before you do. i will most definitely not return to this restaurant. if the waitress was at least polite to us, i might've given it another chance. but i left still hungry, disappointed, and literally insulted. i went with a party of four and a baby. the waitress was sooo nice. everything was authentic. the chips and salsas hit the spot and are free! i had the whole red snapper which was a special and it was fried perfectly! soo good. i also had the sangria. if you like sweet this is so the way to go! my husband had the enchiladas and loved them. my friend and her husband got fajitas and chimichanga and all were very good. would highly recommend. almost forgot we each had one churro for dessert. they were made fresh so there was a bit of a wait. they were soo worth it! definitely come here for authentic mexican! great food, would have left 5 stars but the service is not the greatest. it took awhile to get seated and to place our order. however, once the food came out, all was good in the world! i ordered the carne asada burrito with rice and beans and enjoyed it a lot. everything was very flavorful but not to the point where the seasoning was overbearing... i will definitely be coming back again when i am in the area. i think that this place is one of the best in the area for great, authentic mexican food. i will warn you - the place doesn't look like much. and is usually pretty empty most of the time, but do not let this deter you from ordering or sitting down for a meal. my favorite thing to get is the pork tamales, the chicken tamales are a close second. i also like to ask for a bit of their mole for dipping sauce for them, since their mole is one of my favorite, ever. they'll charge you extra but believe me that it's worth it. the chips and salsa are excellent too - you get red and green, and while it has a bit of a kick, is my favorite. we also love their churros for dessert. so good. please try this place immediately if you want good mexican. it was amazing start to finish. we went on a sunday- there was one waitress taking care of the entire resturant. even though there were multiple folks the waitress still was top notch.the food- oh my god the food. the pork tamale was to die for, and the tacos were amazing. the guacamole was great too.i was not disappointed. let me start off by stating that i grew up eating authentic mexican food since i was born and raised there. then again, we are 2500 miles from mexico, spin didn't expect 100% authentic food. 35 minutes later for a to-go order (flautas without sour cream, and mole flautas with as much sour cream we can get) we got soggy flautas, sour cream on mine, which i absolutely detest, and milk on the other one (the one that we asked as much sour cream for). the guy helping us was far from welcoming. i will say that he softened up when i was going to pay. my first and last visit to this place. fabulous food! seems very authentic and everything is homemade. best enchiladas verde i've had in the area. modest interior, definitely a food destination, not a dining experience. been at los sarapes a number of times. would have given a 4.5 in the past. however the last two times the service has been poor. recently, drove 30 mins to eat there, only to be told they're closed, nearly an hour before advertised time. time before that the waitress had her boyfriend hanging around the entire time - she was more focused on paying attention than him then serving us and her other customers. it made for an uncomfortable situation and it was many months before we returned, only to have the above early closing situation. likely will not go back. sad because the food has always been good. owner isn't often there and probably should be, to help remedy these service issues. i wanted this place to be great, unfortunately they dumbed down the food to placate the american palate. the chips were not fresh, salsa was mediocre at best. the al pastor tacos were devoid of pineapple and flavor. the carnitas were fatty and not crisp. the sope was another americanized disaster. they have neon beer signs and beer menus on the table...guess what...they don't serve alcohol! our server was really nice and i tipped her well because it's not her fault. we were very disappointed and i can't recommend this. you're better off getting tacos at long wharf in new haven. never again!!!!. this is not authentic mexican food. my friend and i ordered margaritas and we thought it tasted funny. my friend asked and the waitress admitted it was the can margaritas. i ordered tacos, it wasn't good. don't waste your time or $$ good authentic mexican.tacos, tamalaes, enchiladas, burritos -- i've tried several of each and every time i walk away fat and happy. i particularly like the mexican plates, they come with rice and beans and are pretty filling. price point is agreeable, staff are friendly, and overall a nice sit-down eatery.my only gripe would be the small bathroom and limited amount of seating. but other than that this family-owned restaurant hits the spot when i'm craving mexican.11am-9pm daily, closed mondays. i probably went here about 3 times and i can only speak for myself when i say the customer survice is amazing and their very welcoming to all but when i crave the mexican food i dont want just any tacos like taco bell i want the goodness of steak soft tacos with cilantro, lime, and hot sauce but i dont exactly get that good mexican taste with this place the meat was over cooked and soft tacos werent so soft or warm the food is mediocre at best. price is high for the quality. drinks are not very good. understaffed. would not come back. i think i've found my new favorite mexican restaurant! how have we missed los sarapes for all these years? oh, because it's a tiny storefront along the busy manchester main street. the service was great, very friendly. the menu features a nice variety of authentic mexican dishes, not tex mex. from tamales to enchiladas to tostadas, this is the real deal. portions are generous, prices are reasonable (if not downright cheap) and the food is some of the best mexican i've ever had. i can't wait to go back and try some of the other great stuff on their menu. i've only been here twice. both times, the service was great and very attentive. the food was delicious and reasonably priced. will definitely be coming back here in the future! nice big mango margaritas. this place is the bomb. authentic, fresh and delicious. the family cooking in the back must be working from their favorite abuela's recipes. the mole sauce is exceptionally good. the pork is tender and juicy. atmosphere is clean, colorful and cozy. its perfect for a large group of friends out for a fun night or a couple out for really good food. i think this is byob, not sure. the only negative is that they tend to run out of the popular stuff early on weeknights. go early or on the weekends for the best selections. delicious! quaint hole in the wall, very casual atmosphere, great food!  i would recommend and will go back! we had a quick dinner- nachos and a quesadilla. it's a small authentic mexican restaurant. we've been to the enfield location plenty of times so were happy to find the same qualities that we live in this branch as well. homely ambience- with murals painted on the walls and streamers hanging from the ceiling. fantastic veggie nachos- every layer had fresh toppings, not the usual layers upon layers of cheese. the hubby and mil had the quesadilla and had no complaints. we had asked them to take out the zucchini and even though their veggies were pre mixed they obliged. the menu says there's a charge for sharing plates, but we weren't charged so not sure what that's about. great service- the waitress was very sweet and friendly! i really wanted to like this place. charming little hole in the wall mexican restaurant with great reviews. maybe it was a bad day. when we were seated we were given chips and salsa. our chips were burnt. the green salsa was fantastic but the red sauce they gave us was more like a bland hot sauce than a salsa. it was not what is pictured in many of the other yelp reviews. it was pured and bland, and brownish in color. ordered queso for the table. it was a very strange consistency and again, bland. i ordered cheese enchiladas and they sent out chicken. mistakes happen. i gave them a pass in that they fixed it. however, it was extremely bland. the rice and beans were fantastic. my husband got the chile relleno. he loved it. he also got a tamale, which i also tasted, and it was probably the best tamale i've ever had. it seems that i picked the handful of items in the menu that were underwhelming, while what my husband chose, he loved. service was slow but extremely friendly. i would not go back, based on what i ordered, but my husband definitely would. this place gets five stars -- best mexican food in the manchester area. i lived in san diego for many years before moving to ct, so i was constantly looking for comparable mexican food. los sarapes is as close as i've found in ct. i love the free chips and salsa when you dine in. not sure why this place is so highly rated. the service is friendly, but the food is merely passable, and the price is fair but not cheap. wouldn't search it out again. for context, the when the fajitas arrived the meat was plentiful but not excessive, but oddly there were only three tiny tortillas per person -- not enough for the amount of filling that was served. weird that they skimped on the cheap stuff. the search for good mexican in the hartford area continues. cute. cozy. delicious. and the service was so friendly and warm. this was our first visit and we will definitely be back. i've lived in manchester for five years and i can't believe i've missed out on this little hidden gem. the tamales are delicious and the food was made with fresh ingredients. portions are large- come hungry! and make sure to save room for the tres leches cake!	1	0	1	0	0
 i frequent here a lot with my boyfriend since he's in love with the wings here. either dine in or take out, usually take out. my dine in/takeout here was good, servers are very quick, friendly and attentive. yes, the wait can be long for your wings to come out but hey i'm not complaining as long as my wings are fresh and crispy. just order a cocktail while you wait, i've tried the tokyo tea and i freaking love it. so refreshing and good! order it, you won't regret it. the wings are good and crispy, just wish they had an option of extra sauce on the side or at least make their wings with a tad more sauce, as sometimes they can be a little too dry at times. overall bonchon has pretty good korean fried chicken. i've recommended some of my family members here and they are hooked! we came here for a late night snack after an evening of bowling. while i really wanted to like this place, having been overjoyed to find a bonchon in ct, i left a bit disappointed. while the fried chicken nailed the sauces, something was off with the batter which left it separated from the meat upon frying. the bibimbap was also lacking in ingredients and just general serving size. it didn't help that it was priced high as well. if you are looking for a good bowl of bibimbap, try out angry tofu. i would be willing to give this bonchon another chance with their fried chicken, however, as they are doing something right with the sauces.review update/edit: my roommate and myself got bonchon for take-out for a game of thrones marathon and we were pretty pleased. i really wish yelp allows half stars as this place deserves a 3.5. while we still saw the batter separation issue, all three flavors really hit the spot and the wings hold up well for take-out. so my wife and i were really excited when we heard that a bon chon was opening in manchester and so the first opportunity we got, we took a visit over to this fine establishment.the first time we came here, we ordered a bunch of stuff with friends who had been there before. a mix of wings and drums soy garlic flavor, the pork buns, ddukboki, japchae, and some other stuff. everything was really good. however, the ddukboki was extremely spicy. i find myself to be a moderate fan of spicy and have enjoyed really spicy szechuan and pakistani foods, but this was bordering on the level of unable to taste anything else spicy. we liked everything we had, but we were a little disappointed that the menu wasn't as large as the boston location. chicken wings were still really good though, which is their signature dish. surprisingly, the pork buns were also super well received by everyone at the table. the second time we came over, i got the bibimbap, my wife got the pork buns, our friend got the wrap, and we ordered a large plate of wings. similarly delicious as last time, but this time without the mind numbing spicy. overall, i really like the wings at this place as well as the pork buns. little disappointed by the menu selection, but not enough to stop me from coming back some time in the future. and the search for delicious korean fried chicken in ct continues.i wanted to like this place, but even with my low expectations, it didn't manage to impress me. the place was quite spacious and clean. the service was for the most part fine, but we felt like we were being rushed. we came at around 8pm on a saturday and were seated right away. as we finished with our food and paid for the check, it was a little before 9:30pm yet they were already trying to not very subtlety kick us out (we were the only ones left, but they weren't' supposed to be closed until 10:30pm).as for the food, we ordered the takoyaki, salmon avocado ball (because others recommended it), and a large combo of 1/2 spicy and 1/2 soy garlic. the takoyaki was decent but had a little bit too much sweet mayo. i didn't get the hype over salmon avocado ball, there was way too much going on and again, they overdid it on the sauce. moving on to the wings, which are dry rub rather than saucy, i loved how crispy they were. but i wasn't loving the flavors. the spicy wings, which may be to spicy for some but was fine for me, were just okay (also they are a little on the sweet side). the soy garlic was better but also a tad salty. if i had to choose the better flavor, i would probably choose the soy garlic. i personally wouldn't come back, but i think this place would be good for those with the drunk munchies. abonchon dinner isexpensive thefood isgoodhoweverijustkeeplamenting themoneyneeded foroverlypriced, yetquality rations which arespicy tasty andunique to thevicinity wonderful forxenophilesyelpingzealously 7/10 a thru z alright by me i stumbled upon bonchon chicken as i was driving through the mall. the place is nice and cozy and extremely friendly staff who offer you suggestions if you cannot decide on what to order. our waitress, leeanne, was so much fun to chat with - gave us details on some of the korean speciality dishes which we will definitely be back to try. she did give us a lot of details around the items on the menu along with helping us speak a couple of words in korean.we ordered the salmon avocado ball and the pork belly buns. both the dishes were great and i am so glad they serve alcohol. even though they are a asian fusion restaurant, they do carry some authentic korean dishes. yet another favorite restaurant in manchester and i will definitely be back to try the bonchon chicken which is supposed to be the speciality. bulgogi, fried rice...mediocreseasoned fries...good but expensivefried chicken...has great potential. i had high expectations. if they provide extra sauce or at least toss the fried chicken in enough sauce to coat the chicken from all the sides, this place would attract more. this is a fried chicken place...and that needs to be the greatest!!pickled reddish...sadly the highlight of our dinner i have eaten bonchon in ny, nj, and ma. needless to say i was beyond excited to learn bonchon had expanded its delicious chicken cartel empire to central connecticut. casual and laid back atmosphere. pop music playing but not at ear piercing levels. pork bun was marvelous. the chicken is as delicious as i remember it to be. i wish bonchon lots of luck. i'll be back again. i'm happy for this area we receive an underrated franchise. my last bonchon experience was many years ago in ny. we ordered wings, chicken tacos, and takoyaki. everything was really good, and the wings were exceptional. the wings came with a light and crispy texture, just like my previous experiences. that's what i expect from bonchon. the skin is easy to chew and won't rough up the inside of the mouth. the sauces were not overly salty. we were able to order a large and split the flavors. the spicy was just right, it also had me reaching for water now and then. we avoided trying bonchon here because of the negative feedback on the old management, so we were glad to visit once improvements have been made.this place isn't expensive. while i waited for my party to arrive i had a sapporo beer and their house chilled sake. sake is produced in california and is very sweet as labeled on the bottle.their bar area seems like a waste of space. in addition their happy hour specials aren't bad. i wish the happy hour time would be expanded to past 6pm.. (to management: something to consider). first off, not being a fussy person but i would have liked silverware. loli am chopstick challenged.i ordered the lunch strips 8 boneless chicken pieces. the spicy was better than the soy garlic. both types were adequately sauced. not to much not to little. but i would have liked a little extra on the side to dip in. chicken was tender and did not seem like from frozen. service was quick, place seems clean lots of tvs.windows are filthy. but hey it's the food i went here for.willing to try them again for the other options.you should try them also. so i got the soy + garlic wings (8) and they were great without the heat; even a little more crispy i thought. i also got the bibimbap lunch special with bulgogi. it was not bad with an egg (for those who aren't aware, it's served slightly runny, so ask for hard fried if you don't like that). i prefer mine in a stone bowl to make the rice crispy but as it was take out, i knew that wouldn't be the case. not sure how it's served if seated. the one thing i liked about the bibimbap special is that it's $10.95 no matter which meat (or tofu) option you choose, which is not the case for the regular menu. so it's a good deal. don't expect a ton of meat, but it's pretty tasty. oh and i went at prime lunch time. there were a few tables with seated people. my take out was very quick. still a fan! stopped in here for some take out today. we got a small order of wings... half spicy, half soy garlic. i put my order in, and they said it would take 15-20 minutes.we left to shop and came back probably 30 minutes later. they said 5 more minutes for our order, which i didn't mind because i was worried about getting cold wings anyway. after a five minute wait, the lady in the front (from reading responses to other reviews, looks like the owner) brought out my bag. she walked over to me, while speaking to another lady in mandarin, and handed the bag to me without so much as a glance/thank you/"here you go" at me. it was so weird. -1 star for that.on the other hand, these were the crispiest, yummiest wings i've ever had. they didn't have any sauce dripping off, but they were so flavorful! i couldn't really figure out if they were breaded or if it was just the skin- but they were so crispy. worth going back for sure. the spicy wings are sweet at first but have a bit of a lingering kick to them. yum! my cousins talk about bonchon every time they come back from boston and i was pretty excited to finally experience all the hype that they have been building up when i found out that there was a bonchon nearby in manchester. the first impression that i had when i entered the restaurant was that it is a modern, trendy, and americanized take on classic korean street food. furthermore, i really loved how they try to educate their patrons about korean culture through the tablemats they laid out on their tables.in my personal opinion, i believe they have a small menu, but they really make-up for it with the high quality food that they put out. my cousin and i ordered the salmon ball, spicy wings, takoyaki, seasoned fries, and bulgogi korean tacos. they all could be described as amazing and they truly lived up to all the hype that my cousins were building up. the salmon ball is definitely a must-have starter since the combination of the creamy avocado and fresh salmon balance each other well, and the eel sauce and spicy mayo just brought everything over the top! the takoyaki was also divine, i was expecting the octopus to be tough and chewy since all of the octopus i had in the past were tough and chewy, but they cooked it quite nicely and it was tender and flavorful! the seasoned fries were crispy and perfectly seasoned; they did not miss a single fry! the spicy wings had the perfect ratio of spiciness and tanginess. the sweet pickled radish that came with the dish helped balanced the wings out by "cooling down" the spiciness and cleansing the palate. we loved it so much that we ordered some more to bring home with us and it was still good! the bulgogi korean taco was killer with its fresh lettuce and cabbage dressed in spicy mayo and slaw dressing! the bulgogi was perfectly cooked, had loads of flavor as well, and it worked perfectly with the greens! however, i do wish there was slightly more bulgogi within the taco since i didn't really get enough bulgogi in every bite as i had hoped for. in addition to the spicy chicken korean taco option that they have on their menu, i wish they also have a fish option as well because i did a little experimenting and put some of the salmon ball into the taco and it was delicious! seriously!? who do i have to talk to in order to make this thing a reality!!! i also believe that this could give vegetarians an opportunity to enjoy bonchon's korean tacos since some vegetarians do eat fish and i don't want them missing out!overall, bonchon did not disappoint me and i am looking forward to the next visit! service was nice and quick. server asked if we had been there before and she gave us the full speel since we had not. food was greasy. everything fried. sauces were good. bonus was that they serve alcohol but we did not partake. pros:- large place with comfortable seating room- great service! the waiter made - see the food below (specifics)!cons:- no major issues i could think of but it didn't warrant a 5 star review since i couldn't say this was the best korean food or fried chicken that i've ever hadspecifics:- garlic soy sauce fried chicken = the breading is perfectly crunchy and yet the shiny glaze on it prevents it from feeling too dry. the garlic soy sauce is the embodiment of all that is right with sweet and savory food. under the crust, the meat is still tender and juicy. no wrong can be done with this chicken!- bulgolgi fried rice = a little on the sweeter side than i'd prefer my fried rice to be, an indication that perhaps they used too much of whatever sauce they added or perhaps the sauce itself is too sweet. it's also a little too wet for my liking which could be another sign that they've used too much sauce- lychee martini = strong just the way i like it! lychee taste was prominent and the 2 lychees included were a nice bonus since most drinks usually settle with 1. what made it even better? they used a sugar rim instead! i really don't like my martinis with salt rims and so it was an extra pleasant surprise when i forgot to ask them to do a sugar rim and still got one anyway.- seasoned fried = i've had my fair share of seasoned fries (i always order them at restaurants cause carbs are my frenemy) and i have to say these were beyond my expectations since i was more focused on judging the chicken when i first walked in. it may be a little bit over fried but i'd much rather have my fries be too crunchy than too soggy. they came out fresh and hot out of the fryer. my favorite thing that made these fries stand out in my past-fries experience? the seasoning was not just on the very top of the fries! it's my biggest pet peeve when restaurants serve fries that they claim are seasoned but in reality they only sprinkled a bit of that seasoning at the very top right before serving (think of parmesan truffle fries. how often do you see the whole order of fries is tossed in spices rather than see a little shave of parmesan on the very top of the pile?). these fries were seasoned through and through. every fry absorbed the garlic seasoning and was decorated with chopped bits of parsley. thumbs up for me!instagram @bowtiebowie i'd say this is a 3.5 star review. bonchon is a nice chain if you're in the mood for korean fare. if you've never had korean fried chicken before, i would urge you to give bonchon a try. their chicken is extremely crispy. you have the choice of either drumsticks, wings, or strips; flavored with spicy, soy garlic, or half and half. we found the half and half strips to be the best. we also had the takoyaki which was quite good. on this visit, service wasn't quite so good, however. our server had dropped another family's entire meal on the floor, thus pushing our order back. even then, our chicken ended up taking even longer to come out. while i'd say bonchon is generally solid, our experience needed some improvement. i was very excited to see bonchon in this plaza. the last bonchon i saw was in the philippines and skorea. i've tried it once before. i walked in and saw the outrageous prices! 10 half wings for 12.95?!?!? wowowowowow! i also got the salmon and crab roll.the lady at the counter told me it was a 20 minute wait. ok i get it, it's friday night and you can't rush fried chicken. finally, the wait is over (way longer than 20 mins)!!!! but they only gave me the chicken in the bag, no salmon roll. she looked in the bag to make sure i didn't swallow it and the container it should have been in, and she asked me for the paper that showed what i ordered. they told me i had to wait 5 more minutes. mind you i was soooo hungry, i'm used to bon chon as fast food. i tried to cancel the order. instead of just cancelling it right then and there, she walked to the kitchen first to tell them to cancel. in the process, she found out it was coming out. so i just waited 37 more seconds. i came home and the i got half spicy half soy chicken. the spicy was pretty spicy in the beginning. but hey, korean food is spicy. the wings were airy and crisp. probably better if i ate in the restaurant. 2 of the drumsticks were no lie the size of my pinky, no lie. they could have given me an extra piece. i wish now i took a pic of it.the salmon crab roll was beautiful and tasty. the price is fair. i think that bon chon should give more banchan instead of just one pickled radish for the price.for $25 that i spent, i would take my money and go to ichiban in hartford. *not the best fried chicken i've ever had* this is my first review! i just had to write about my awesome night!we got the signature fried chicken, of course, they let you get both flavors, soy garlic and spicy. the chicken was so crispy and light, it was amazing! i personally enjoyed the soy garlic more just because i don't like spicy that much, but the spicy was still really good! the complementary radish was also very good, it was especially refreshing with the fried chicken. it also helps with the spicy.the salmon avocado ball was also a must have!! it was a ball of full of different seafood and flavor paired with amazing dressing. our waitress vivien was really sweet and knowledgeable about the food. she guided us through our selections and even told us about their secret mochi ice cream dessert! there are 8 flavors and you get to pick 3... so hard to choose!!!i would highly recommend this restaurant, it's definitely a great addition to the hartford area! in full disclosure, i used to visit bonchon in nyc, so i was super excited to hear about the manchester location. i got an order to go: wings (half and half), tacos, pot stickers, pork buns, and fried rice. it was a hit! the tacos were probably the biggest hit, as the aioli that came with it was so flavorful. the buns were kind of similar, though they needed more meat.the hot wings were delicious, but they seemed to be a little unevenly hot because some of us felt like our mouths were on fire for about 15 minutes, and others of us didn't find them particularly hot. the fried rice was moist with some good flavor. it's hard to mess up fried rice, but i found bonchon's on the above average side.everyone at the party asked on their way out where the food had come from. good sign!the eat-in option felt a little sterile to me - or maybe it just did not have a lot of character - but it seems good for groups and includes some booths. soft opening when we visited. pretty nice and modern decor inside. amble seating. you have to try the fried chicken, it is beyond crispy. we got half and half (soy garlic and spicy). they're both good but spicy is on the spicer end as in it burns your lips so be careful if you don't tolerate spice well. we also got the salmon avocado ball as an appetizer ! it is so delicious that we finished it within 5 minutes ! you have to try it. we also order dukbokki which turned out extremely spicy !! we took two bites and had to take it to go and still couldn't finish it at home with rice :(.. and we can take spice pretty well. it's definitely not your average spice level, more like korean spice. we keep coming back to bonchon because of the wings and other korean dishes. everything we've tried has been great, but we especially like the soy garlic wings. they are definitely worth coming in for. i had a satisfying food experience the both time that i was there.i tried half and half wings--they're super crispy,my guess is they're double fried.i love both flavor spicy and soy garlic.i also had bonchon's takoyaki.takoyaki has always been my favorite dish.it's nothing like the takoyakis i had in japan but it's pretty good.both times i had them,it came out crispy on the outside with hot and gooey insides.they don't skimp on the bonito either.also the salmon avacado ball is something else.i'm addicted.you gotta try it to believe it. we visited this location yesterday for lunch. we have been to the allston, ma location on several occasions. was excited when driving by and seeing a location in manchester so we decided to have bon chon for lunch. we ordered potstickers, pork buns and wings and strips and french fries. our server leanne was very nice and attentive. everything was very good! as far as the flavors and such. we opted for the soy garlic glaze on all of our chicken and potstickers. the only disappointment of the meal is that the chicken was not as hot as i thought it should be for being prepared freshly. i'm sorry but the star of the show should have been the chicken! had not tried before.wow!this has my vote.i like heat. they have heat.if you like chicken and i do come on here. i heard they had some service issues in the beginning, but seriously, vivian is the bomb! i have no issues with them and the food is delicious as always.-salmon avocado ball: is so so so good! i've had bonchon in rockville, new york city, richmond, and boston, but this was the only location which had this unique side item. -daikon chunks: comes with your order or fried chicken. they're tangy, a little sweet, and cool. perfect if you have the spicier wings. would 100% recommend! -bonchon fried chicken: so this is obviously the point of the store. it's so good. i find the spicy a little too spicy for me, but their soy+garlic has been my favorite flavor for ages. you won't find your bbq or buffalo flavors here! be glad! there's something different. their chicken is extra crispy because it's double fried. sometimes the wait is a little longer than expected, but apparently, that's because they are cleaning and switching out the oil. i appreciate it! i rather wait a little longer than have wings covered in charred crispy left-overs from other people's orders. -japchae: really unique. the glass noodles are chewy and just soak up any flavor that they're cooked in. yum. if you want to try something new and you've never heard of this, i would reccommend you try it. i've ate bonchon in arlington va several times so naturally when i saw they opened a location here i was excited. i even posted to my fb page about it; however i've noticed that this restaurant is ripping people off! they sell u 4 wings for the price of eight. they cut the leg off the wings to call it their said "8" piece. i've order there several times a week and i'm a fan of their wings but i don't care for the drum stick so i always order flat pieces. well today i ordered my usual and i get a rude employee who said to me no u can't buy wings that way. we never sell them that way. i tried to explain to her that i've ordered this way many times. she said to me if we prepare your order that way we eat the cost because we have to throw the meat away. so wait i should throw my money away because u don't want to prepare food the way i asked u? i told them they could keep their wings and i'll never order from them again because their customer service has completely pissed me off! no thanks i'll cook my own wings before i ever pay $11.00 for 4 wings again! p.s their menu doesn't state they won't/don't substitute the way they sell wing!****see posted picture**** yum. i like to review a place after i've ordered plenty of food items on the menu. i think i've tried enough of bonchons food to have formed a fully well rounded opinion of the place. their chicken is phenomenal. i could literally eat it everyday. it's spiced perfectly. their bonchon salad is great also. there was also a noodle dish that was tasty as well. i forget what it's called. the only thing which isn't really a thing is that it's so hipster. i'm usually drawn to the authentic holes in the walls but this is definitely not that. the prices are a tad high but that's also because it's a hipster place. they are open for lunch with great lunch prices so i'll definitely be back for more lunch! based on my grading method i give it a 5 star, its food and its good, service is accommodating, this place is a spot to get really tasty wings. do yourself a favor and go here!! best wings i have ever had by far - and i have them a lot! the pork bun was boxer changing worthy. the service was phenomenal. love it! love it! my husband and i went for the first time today and really enjoyed ourselves! there are so many other dishes we want to try next time.... we got the chicken wings (of course), and tried both the soy garlic and the spicy sauces (you can get both). i really liked the soy garlic and my husband really liked the spicy one - it was a tad too spicy for me though. i do hear they have ranch available though, so maybe i'll do that next time. pork buns were also good - just a smidge on the sweet side, but the flavor was really good and the pork was tender.we also got the korean tacos, which for me, were the highlight of the evening. we got bulgogi (beef) and it was amazing! soft taco shells, the perfect amount of coleslaw and dressing, and good flavor on the beef. i need to get that again next time, although the spicy chicken version is supposedly really good too. they also have kimchi coleslaw which is just as awesome as it sounds, providing you like both kimchi and coleslaw, which we do... there are other traditional korean dishes on the menu, which we did not have time for, unfortunately, but we'll be back to try them all!!	1	0	1	1	0
 i can't believe i've never reviewed hana sushi before. my wife and i have been coming here for years now. i just recently started checking in here. this is definitely the best sushi in the area. it's located in a small strip. it prob has only 10 tables and a 4 seat sushi bar area. most of the time we are grabbing take out when we want to get our sushi fix. they definitely have the quality down . always have a great experience. we love their gyoza , which is their pan fried dumplings. it's served with ponzu sauce. so delicious especially with some red wine. we tried a bunch of the regular typical rolls. all great. but some of our favorites beside the gyoza are their crispy tuna hand roll. it's spicy tuna and avocados in a crispy cone. great app and a good amount of tuna. they usually have a couple special rolls written on their board. we usually grab one of those too . if you call for take out make sure to ask about their specials. and to tie our meal together we order 2 side salads of seaweed salad and their kani salad. both great to cleans the palate in between sushi. definitely worth trying if you never have. you will be hooked i just returned home a little while ago from hana, and boy am i disappointed to be writing this review.i have been going to hana for years because my parents live about 30 minutes away and it used to be one of the best places for sushi in the area. the place is a little hole in the wall, out of the way a bit, and only has a few tables, so don't expect to come with a large party during peak hours, as they don't take reservations.i'm not sure what was going on today, because everything was disappointing, particularly the service and the food.upon walking in about 2:15pm today, 45 minutes before the end of their lunch special, we were not greeted by the sushi chefs or the host/server. they all just stared at my girlfriend and me, without even a hello. when the host finally acknowledged us, i smiled and asked for a table for 2; he responded "okay, go sit down" and pointed vaguely to the table in the corner.i would like to say that his demeanor improved when he came to the table, but sadly it did not. regardless of how many times i smiled and thanked him, he refused to engage with us beyond muttering "drinks?" or "ready to order?" he never once smiled, asked us how the food was, asked if we were ready for the check, or thanked us for coming in.he did, however, seem to enjoy sitting at the sushi bar and eating his lunch. look, i'm not one to deprive a kitchen and waitstaff of lunch. i have worked in a kitchen, and i understand more than most that you're tired by this time of day and you're probably starving. i'm not even hung up on him, the chefs, and the owner all eating in the dining area, because there was only one other table of diners and the place is so small there's probably no break room in the back. but i do have a problem with feeling like i'm interrupting your lunch, or that i'm a burden for coming into your restaurant and eating. that is never an atmosphere you want in your restaurant, because it guarantees people won't be back.beyond the service and general air of unpleasantness, i had a huge problem with the food. the crispy tuna salad hand roll appetizer, which previously has been amazing, was just so-so. the contents of the hand roll were delicious, but the wonton wrapper tasted almost stale and was difficult to chew. my girlfriend and i both ordered the roll combination lunch; between the two of us, we had the eel, spicy salmon, tuna, and yellowtail rolls. the spicy salmon wasn't very spicy, though the fish flavor was delicious, and the tuna was fairly buttery. i liked the yellowtail and eel, but there wasn't enough of it in each roll. the eel was 75% cucumber, so much so that you could barely taste the fish, and the yellowtail inexplicably had lettuce inside (as one other reviewer's photo indicates). i have been to several other sushi restaurants in the area that charge about the same as hana for a much better proportion of fish/rice/veggies in their rolls.overall, i was extremely underwhelmed. even the female owner/chef was there, eating her lunch, and i expected her to be upbeat and friendly like i remember her from my past meals; yet she was also unfriendly and disconnected from her diners. hana would have gotten at least 4 stars from me if i had reviewed it based on my past visits alone, but today was a huge disappointment. i give it 2 stars solely for the positive memories i have of them. my girlfriend is from ct, and she has brought me here a few times when i've visited from denver. it was really good before, which is why i was so surprised at the bad experience i had here this afternoon. we went in for lunch around 2:15pm today (8/22). when we walked in, the guy sitting at the front (short, dark hair; black t-shirt; jeans) pointed at a table and said "go sit down". in a few minutes, he came over and put menus down on the table and walked away. he was just as unfriendly when he came to take our order. after he brought our food, he never came back to check on how things were going or to ask if we needed anything else. he just sat at the counter, eating his lunch with the chefs. super unprofessional. when we finished, he threw the bill on the table without a word. again, didn't ask if we wanted dessert or more food, but just assumed we were finished. same thing after we paid. he put our cards back on the table and walked away. no "thank you", "have a nice day", or a smile even. the only words he spoke from the time we walked in to when we left were "go sit down" and "ready to order?". my girlfriend and i were both very courteous throughout the meal, and he was still incredibly unfriendly and rude. a woman he knew (the owner, i think) came in with kids mid-way through our meal and he socialized with them for a bit, but didn't show an ounce of that same enthusiasm with his customers. apparently, he is able to interact in a friendly manner with people, just not with his paying customers. from start to finish, i felt like i was imposing on him. he treated the girls at the table behind us just as rudely. it is a completely unacceptable level of bad service to not say a single word to your customers. on top of that, the sushi wasn't as good as i remember. there wasn't very much fish in the yellowtail and the tuna rolls, and the crunchy shell for the tuna hand roll appetizer was stale. the miso soup and spicy salmon roll was very tasty, but definitely not good enough to make up for the truly terrible service. hana is easily the best sushi place in the manchester area and i've only had few that compare elsewhere. inside, it is a very small eating area but i have never had trouble w seating or getting a table for my friends and i. the seafood is always fresh and they come out with new rolls daily. its family owned and i've had every chef there but there is one female who is my favorite. if you try the yankee and dynamite rolls w will go home happy. i would make sure to dine in too as the wait time is never long due to the place never being super packed.. food is still good but the service is horrible. the man who waited on me was rude, rarely checked on us and basically threw the food on the table. there was a lot of yelling from the kitchen and the woman who answered the phone (different than who i normally speak to) was mocking people when she hung up. can't believe i experienced this... so disappointing. hana is my favorite sushi place. you can't go wrong with the to roll lunch special. the lunch special comes with miso soup salad a fried bbq potato and 2 rules of your choosing. you can get it with special rules for a extra charge. i usually get two of the following roles: eel roll , sweet potato onion roll, spicy salmon roll and roll. the sweet potato onion roll is done in tempura and the spicy salmon roll has crunchy bits of tempura in it as well. as opposed to other sushi restaurants where they go too heavy on the mayo or cream cheese this place is very fresh and the ratios are just right. very tasty sushi. it's so close by my work and is definitely the best sushi in the area so it is a regular staple. i usually do the lunch special with 2 rolls and everything that normally comes in a bento box. it's a good deal and the sushi is fresh. can't ask for more! will be back. hana sushi is one of the staples in manchester for me and my boyfriend. we're here at least once a month. the yankee roll is our favorite, but dynamite and red dragon are also really delicious! i think their miso soup is perfect and you really can't beat the price of a large miso soup for takeout. as far as sushi goes, this is basically my favorite place. since there are only 5 tables (a 4 top being the largest) it's usually pretty quiet and intimate. staff is always friendly and service is prompt. love hana sushi! my favorite sushi place in manchester... which isn't really saying much because as far as i know it's the only sushi joint in town, unless you want to eat sushi from a buffet line ewww. however i have been coming here for years and they do provide a consistently great product. skim down to the bottom of the review for some basic nutritional info on my meal.i came in today for lunch on break from work and i ordered the lunch 2 roll combo. for just over 10 bucks (after tax) you get a bowl of soup, side salad 2 rolls of your choice, and a fried potato ball thing. i ordered an ice water to drink knowing i was in for a lil spike in my daily sodium intake. speaking of sodium the soup came out first. considering it's the middle of summer and 10000 degrees out i decided to take a tiny sip of the soup and put it aside. if you ever had miso soup then you've had this miso soup, essentially it is a salty broth ( i guess that's the miso) with a few cubes of tofo and seaweed maybe? the place was almost too capacity when i arrived, however my meal came out within 10 minutes, which i appreciate since it was my lunch break. for my 2 rolls i choose spicy tuna and sweet potato onion. they come in a bento box and the presentation is very appetizing. each item comes in its own compartment. i eat the salad first, the lettuces is crisp and the dressing is sweet and salty ( i believe miso again). the spicy tuna is as advertised and add a little wasabi paste and soy to ramp up the spice even more. i then go to my sweet potato and onion roll to calm things down a bit. it is tempura style so there is a little crunch. finally i get to the fried potato ball, its unnecessary but i eat it anyway because it's delicious. final verdict: hana sushi is the same as i remember it the food is good and quick and reasonably priced. highly recommend nutritional info:miso soup 84 calories, almost 1000mg of sodiumsalad with dressing 80 calsspicy tuna roll 240 calssweet potato roll 270 calsfried potato ball 150 cals (estimate)total meal equals 824 calories and who knows how much sodium. if your counting calories skip the soup and potato ball and that would bring the meal down to around 590 cals. love love love their sushi! service is always great. definitely my favorite sushi place in town. this is definitely my go to sushi restaurant in manchester. the sushi is very yummy and the service is excellent. it is a small restaurant with maybe 8 tables and a small sushi bar. i would highly recommend this place as long as you're with a party of less than 6 and are craving for sushi and don't want to leave manchester. small hole in the walls are the best! sushi was okay but their beef teriyaki was awesome. perfect miso soup. gingery salad dressing for the salad which i love! vegetables with my meal were still crisp and meat was tender. went here last night with my husband, and we loved it. it's a cute little restaurant, and service was prompt and attentive. to start with, the miso soup was very flavorful. the tuna tatake was delicious, too. we ordered four rolls, which was perfect for the two of us, and we both loved what we got. we will definitely be back. i can't wait to try some of the other rolls. hana sushi is a little gem. this is my number one, go to place, where i am a regular and feel like family. i could talk all day about how much i love hana and i hope this review does this place justice. you will not find a better place in manchester or ct for sushi. located in a small, sad shopping plaza, the store front is not the best looking, and that is a plus for me because i like having such a good place be undiscovered. there is something around 9 tables in total in the restaurant, a sushi bar with seats, and a bathroom. created by sisters and run by family, hana is an establishment manchester should be proud of.the staff are all very friendly, always smiling, and will sit and talk with you. i've gotten to know the staff over the years and i found out i lived on the same street and my favorite waitresses. she remembers my allergies, always double checks with me before leaving the table, and fixes any issues before it gets to me. every time i come i try a new and special roll because of the small accommodations they make. this is incredibly appreciated and special to me as no other place has ever offered as generously and much as they do to work with me on my gluten and soy allergies. if an ingredient or sauce is something i can't have they don't include it or offer another type of sauce for me.my favorite thing to order here is plain rolls. the salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and avocado rolls are unmatched, simple and fresh. some more interesting gluten and soy free things i recommend are: the alaskan roll (picture included) has cucumber, salmon, and avocado. the manchester roll (picture included) fuji apple, mango, blackened tuna inside, topped with salmon, avocado, wasabi mayo, sesame, and tobiko. it is tropical, smoky and fresh tasting.the mayflower roll (picture included)l is a similar to the manchester roll in taste but fish free. it has fuji apple, cucumber, avocado, asparagus, and is topped with mango.the crazy salmon roll (picture included) is interesting if you like salmon, it has warm and cold elements as well as paper thin lemon slices garnishing it.even though they aren't gluten or soy free i recommend some other things; the gyoza and edamame as appetizers, they're huge favorites with everyone i know. the lunch and box specials are also great for the price and include miso soup and salad, and some type of fried element in the boxed lunches.the boston roll (picture included) has shrimp, tamago, lettuce and avocado. the tamago has soy in it making the roll not gluten or soy free, as told to me by the chef, lisa.the dynamite roll (picture included) has salmon, white fish, crab, asparagus, is battered and deep fried, and covered in spicy mayo, scallion and tobiko (not gluten or soy free).the house special eel roll (picture included) has eel, avocado, cucumber, inside and outside the roll, slightly warm, and drizzled in eel sauce, (not gluten or soy free).their donburi rice bowls are larger than you would expect and packed with meat and vegetables. every though they aren't gluten or soy free, if you want a filling meal i recommend the pork or chicken katsu don (pictures included).besides their normal menu there is a special roll menu, daily specials hanging on the wall, alcohol options, and icecream. food comes out impressively fast and is always as beautiful as it is delicious. they always mix up their presentation and plates and the chefs are artists.also, if you order something to go you while eating you will get it in minutes, no problems, however ordering over the phone and walking in to take out tends to take little longer.one of by biggest regrets moving away from ct is leaving hana, the quality of the food and the staff will be deeply missed. i used to live in japan and once in a while i get a craving for sushi. i decided to try hana based on the reviews and being close by. i got the lunch special takeout with the choice of two sushi rolls. i picked sweet potato and crispy onion and the cukecumber. i loved the sweet potato and crispy onion best. it also came with miso soup, a small salad with a ginger dressing, and a delicious fried potato ball. yumm. i highly recomend! the dining room is small but i might try eating in some time. my craving was fulfilled and i found a new lunch place. the food here was cheap, sushi was par but service was awful. the only reason i left a tip was because my best friend made me, but the server was pretty rude. but i'm a cheap-o so for pretty good sushi at low prices, i wouldn't hate going back there again. this is a hidden gem located in a strip mall. the seasoning on the sushi is perfect and the size of the roll makes sense. the only level that could be improved is the service they are a little slow due to it being a neighborhood destination. very good sushi restaurant; dcor was quite lovely, although the space was a little smaller than anticipated. miso soup and pork gyoza starters were ah-may-zing! we ordered quite a few rolls: california, yellow tail, salmon, unagi, and sweet potation/onion, and they were all delicious and fresh. three quarters of the whole plate was gone before it even occurred to me to take a photo! i would definitely recommend this lovely little gem for every sushi lover out there. for those who don't care for it, fret not! they also have lots of other options: udon, yaki soba, chicken pork/ katsu, donburi bowls, bento boxes...oh, and fried ice cream! definitely will try those next. :d never a bad experience here. the staff is always so fun and friendly. although i don't dine in there much i like how small the location is. it makes it impossible for it to get overwhelmingly busy. i still wish they delivered locally and had extended hours later night but i understand it's a small business and that doesn't always work out for everyone. i'm a big fan of their sushi, and as everything else is good sometimes it's just not completely up to standards .. ex. the potato ball that comes in the lunch box is most of the time extremely dry. give it a shot if you live in the area! my favorite sushi place. there's just something about their rolls that i like more than any other place i've been. everything always tastes fresh. i love lisa and all the staff. great selection and prices. a great local spot! sushi is always fresh. prices are fair. the sweet potato roll is fantastic, they are a small hole in the wall but the food is always great. the lunch specials are very fairly priced. i love this place. the staff is friendly and super fast. the combo roll lunch is great! a ton of food for about $10 is the best bet. i deducted a star for their physical space. it's small and i don't think i would dine in there but it can't be beat for takeout. this place is great! small sushi place with all the other dishes and fixings you'd expect of a sushi house. the sushi is quality and service is quick and kind. everyone seems to be regulars here, and it's obvious why. environment: i was here a couple weeks ago with family on a thursday evening. half the tables were already filled and mind you, there is about 7 tables and then a few chairs at the sushi bar, so the seating is limited. the staff was professional, kind, helpful and efficient. my family was gabbing away about the menu and our waitress overheard our questions and came over to answer them!! the right amount of involvement from the wait staff. :)food: spicy crabmeat salad and baby octopus were on point! the salad was sweet and spicy and a perfect size portion (i always wish there was more though, shh..) the baby octopus has great flavor and was perfectly tender.tea: earthy with hints of sweetness... and never needed to ask for a refill :)rolls: volcano, lucky, special of the day with eel and spicy salmon, spicy tuna and spicy crab. they were all delicious. we also finished up with deep fried strawberry ice cream. the breading was golden, hot and soft with a nice crunch. side note: i have gi sensitivities like artificial coloring in my food. the ginger here is colored. i did not ask if it was natural dye (beet) or chemical dye (red40?). i had no indigestion so maybe it is beet dye?all in all, hana sushi is on my go-to-sushi list when i need my fix! wow...my new favorite sushi joint in the manchester area. delicious sashimi...very fresh. an excellent selection of specialty rolls with combinations i have never had before at other sushi locations. the edamame was absolutely perfect. i also tried the yaki udon and the noodles were cooked perfectly with outstanding flavor.this is a small restaurant and it can get crowded (never a bad sign). don't let the location fool you this is a top notch sushi restaurant and i will be back. unlike murasaki i have visited earlier in the week, hana sushi is ran by chinese owners. my friend and i stopped by this place after shooting at halls.it's small and cozy, like most who visited in the past had mentioned.however, the sushi was nothing like expected.my friend had ordered bean curd sushi, tuna sushi and ika (squid) sushi. i must admit, she was "terrified" to some extent.the tuna sushi, was not fresh at all. the top layer of it was as dark as black (shown in photo). and the rice in all her sushi was warm, which is not right at all. need not to mentioned that they either didn't include any/ not having enough vinegar in the rice.it's couple bucks cheaper per meal compared to murasaki, but the drop off in quality is way too significant for the price differential.i personally had a pork curry katsu myself and it was okay.besides the food, their professionalism is also concerning. my friend and i both happen to understand mandarin and we overheard their conversation when we were dining; their conversation was loud and full of swearing. it surely doesn't convey a very friendly environment to us either.1.5/5not recommended. got the philadelphia and spider roll. both were pretty bad. i work in a sushi place so i know my sushi pretty well. couldn't finish either roll. prices were average, taste was subpar. hana sushi is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the area. believe it or not good sushi is all about the rice and most sushi places i go to these days are serving overcooked, cold and/or old rice or even worse the wrong kind of rice. hana uses good quality rice and you can tell. they have many of the typical rolls but also have some of the more inventive specials i've seen. the specials are always changing and are written on two whiteboards in the small welcoming interior.i highly recommend hana especially for lunch. they have excellent lunch specials at great prices. their 2 roll combo is $9 and includes miso soup, ginger salad and what they call "potato homestyle." (potato homestyle turns out to be a well executed croquet which is actually a very typical food in japan; they serve them at mcdonald's there!) the croquet is topped with the traditional bulldog sauce which you may have had on tonkatsu.their service has always been excellent and attentive. the owner, a younger chinese, woman is often there and that's important in a small restaurant. consistent quality is a hard thing to attain and hana sushi has done it well. hana isn't "fine dining" but you may find yourself eating better sushi here than some of the local "gourmet" sushi places. my favorite sushi place. very good sushi. the menu is regularly sized, but they have a wide selection of different types of sushi: cooked, raw, fried, etc. the restaurant itself is fairly small, but clean and nicely decorated. the prices are a little expensive, but that is expected of sushi. would recommend. still excellent on my return trip a year later - and, dare i say, even better. i have favorite sushi spots in fairfield county and new haven county - but i've never really had a go-to place closer to where i live. don't get me wrong, there are plenty of average to above average local japanese restaurants but i'm a sucker for specialty rolls and hana blows the rest of these spots outta the water.my boyfriend and i were the only ones in the restaurant this afternoon so service may have been quicker than usual, as we were here on an off time. despite the unfortunate strip mall location, the sushi is fresh, creative and downright delectable. we split four rolls:-the cupid roll (a special) with a glorious balance of sweet plantains, tempura shrimp, and avocado topped with spicy tuna. -the red dragon roll, stuffed with eel, spicy crab, cucumber, avocado and tobiko, topped with tuna-the sweet potato and onion roll (tempura style). holy crap. -the volcano roll...tempura style crab with spicy tuna, tobiko and scallion...and in my opinion, wayyyy too much spicy mayo which bugged me out (i let nick go to town on that one).all in all, i have to say - hana is officially my new go-to. i don't know why it took me a year to return in the first place.	1	0	0	1	0
 great great great!!!50's diner without the schtick. it's the real deal. cola is homemade and hand mixed. all guests are served water in little dixie cups (adorable). food is served fast and in generous portions at more than reasonable prices. ice cream is among the best i have tasted. service is wonderful. from the wait staff to the kitchen staff everyone is always smiling and having a good time. and it's genuine. don't get me wrong i love johnny rockets and that vein of restaurant as much as the next guy, but this place is the real deal without the "fake". main complaint is the seating.. theres barely any place to sit & if your overweight seating is very tight as the chairs/bench is small. tho i love coming here for their ice cream, the food is always meh. yea the chz is huge on the burger but the burgers are usually raw. you have to also use condiments that other guest also used before you as the ketchup & mustard is in a little glass jar. the waitress do not clean the tables unless you ask them too.. the other issue is that yes its like stepping into a time zone of the 50's or 60's but with that you would think the prices were decent, i find it rather expensive.. no credit card allowed only cash. they do however now have an atm but you have to pay 3.50 to withdraw. i'm very sad leaving this poor review, because i had such high hopes for shady glen. it was my first time going here, and it'll probably be my last. we walk in and didn't know if you're supposed to seat yourself or wait to be seated, so we waited 5 minutes to ask and then were finally told to sit wherever we'd like. weren't given menus or told the menus were on the wall by the waitress, so we just ordered some burgers and waited. she brought the food over and left. sure would have been nice if the burgers were cooked through. mine had pink spots throughout and one of jay's was definitely not cooked through (see pics attached). i'm sorry but we paid how much for that thin of a patty and it wasn't cooked through? he didn't eat it or send it back because you know what happens when you do that. we've seen waiting. jay also finished his drink and never was asked if he'd like a refill, only when we were getting the check. worst service ever. what a let down. i'm not sure why all the hype about this place. maybe it's because i'm not originally from ct and you have to grow up getting shady glen to really appreciate it. nostalgia perhaps. the burger with a slice of fried cheese on top is their claim to fame. but the beef is pretty flavorless and the cheese, greasy and rubbery. the ice cream is good but nothing to write home about. the location is kind of fun in that is has a vintage vibe. retro soda shop that sells a limited selection of food items. waitstaff in their fifties era outfits and set up of tables makes it like stepping back in time. french fries are crinkle cut frozen variety, i'd stick with their coleslaw which is quite tasty (available by the pound for your bbq). unique method of grilling the cheese on the burger for crispy edges. little bothered by the community condiment caddy. their ice cream is really a star here. cash only! good old fashioned greasy spoon with a phenomenal ice cream selection. lots of room outside in the field next door if the weather is nice and you wanna eat outside. get the cheeseburger, four slices of cheese atop a burger, edges fried to crunchy perfection. being the ice cream fanatic that i am, i had to stop by to grab something for this sweet tooth. when you walk in, you can either grab some ice cream to go at the front counter or take a seat to enjoy your treat. they have an old fashioned diner-style counters to sit at as well as booths in the back. it's definitely a fun place to sit and enjoy your sundae. there are so many ice cream flavors to choose from! everything from coconut to chocolate caramel crunch. i opted for a small hot fudge sundae, which was one scoop of your choice ice cream with hot fudge and whipped cream for about $4. they also serve diner-style food options if you're hungry for something savory. very friendly staff and great service. cash only! when i come back and visit home, the first destination of mine after landing is the gem of manchester: shady glen! their amazing grilled cheese burgers and homemade milkshakes are known throughout the state. the wait is long, there's no reservations or waiting list, and your clothes will smell like grilled cheese when you leave, but this is a must go stop when you're in the mood for an unhealthy, scrumptious burger. my recommendation is to get a cheeseburger, side of crinkle fries, and a milkshake (oreo is great for dipping your fries in). no need to ask for condiments, an assortment comes out with your food.pro tip: there are always two lines that form inside the diner, one for the left side of the dining room and one for he right side. sometimes the right side might seem longer but that line goes the fastest because there are more tables -- also, this line gives you access to the small bar top where customers usually eat faster. unfortunately shady glen has changed - not for the better. overpriced and food not nearly as good as it used to be. having thought this place was famous only for cheese burgers and not knowing they have awesome desserts, finally visited this store last week for milkshake. fyi we don't eat meat!omg how do they make such delicious milkshakes. i got the coconut pineapple and pistachio for my husband. woh i just can't tell you the heavenly taste of these tall beauties. even the decor and staff reflect the vintage style and they do not accept any credit cards, only cash! definitely stepping into a time capsule of sorts. great energy and great service. super friendly staff and the locals are awesome as well. everyone knows everyone. simple foods with the touch of happiest. this place made me smile and love america! definitely would love to support these folks anytime i'm in the area. i ordered the cheeseburger at 7:34am and the waitress was happy to do that for me. love this place. shady glen is a manchester institution, birthdays, special occasions, and after little league games were celebrated here.my oldest turned 4 the other day and like a kick in the butt it dawned on me... lets keep the tradition alive and head over to shady glen. i don't think they changed one thing anout this place in 25 years. it took me right back. family and i found a booth and ordered a couple of their famous cheese burgers with fries, which came out within 10 minutes. now the burger and fries are nothing really to write yelp about, but the crispy overlapping cheese on top really makes this meal shine. everyone loved it, except for the birthday girl (super picky eater, we'll break that eventually). luckily shady glen has the absolute best ice cream in ct. a couple scoops of strawberry with whipped cream and cherry on top and the smiles were ear to ear.8/10 a must if your in the manchester bolton area!! it was our second attempt to come down to shady glen after being in the area for years. and being a group of fifteen plus people we ordered almost everything f in the ice cream menu and everyone loved the flavors. the staff was really good and we had an entire area to ourselves. would like to come back just for the service and the place. after reading the reviews, we decided to try this place on our ride home. this place was a little out of the way. our gps was taking us through this strange and narrow road to get here from i-84. we got here a little before the lunch crowd and got immediately seated. daughter ordered the frankfurter and onion rings and loved it. i ordered the frankfurter and coffee milkshake. the coffee milkshake was delicious. the frankfurter was split in half and laid out on a bun. i thought it was was a little disappointing because it was just served plain and there weren't any other options. hubs ordered the whole belly clams platter with french fries and it was the best entree on the table. it was nicely fried and meaty. we never had belly clams before and this was delicious! service was friendly and fast. glad we got to try it out. will come back when in the area. came here twice recently. it was my first time visiting ct.my bf grew up coming to sg so it's mandatory to make a stop in when visiting his stomping grounds.i had the cheese burger, cheesefuger, fries, onion rings, strawberry milkshake. the strawberry milkshake is legit! not into the crispy cheese crown but my bf is a fan.i'm giving sg a 5 star for still being in business after all these years. it was nice to see my bf smiling over lunch thinking of his visits here as a child.very cute diner. fast service. no problems with seating or parking.we'll be back the next time we head back to ct.cash only! awesome, family friendly place.  i can't imagine waking in here and ever being uncomfortable. made me think about how much my grandma would have loved it. great burgers, better ice cream. you have to try the cheeseburger from here! the idea of a fried cheese tastes as good as it sounds! i love the old school feel of the place and service was great .it's definitely a hole in the wall type of place but that makes it that much better ! shady glen is an really good place to get burgers with fried cheese, french fries and salad for lunch and then, getting ice cream here for dessert. went there as lunch with my brothers and my dad for the first time last saturday. i have bacon cheeseburger with an side of french fries which is very good. also for dessert, everybody have banana split with different assortment of ice cream flavors. banana split ice cream was delicious. prices was really good, food was very good, the atmosphere was really cool, staff was very nice and very polite, server is always right and the building was an tradition. shady glen is an manchester landmark that have been in business since 1948. it's located nearby bolton town line. i am definitely going back there to shady glen with my family very soon in the future because of very local. huge nostalgia factor on this one! really takes you back in time to the old dairy bar - burger joint days. the food is good. they are famous for the cheese burger with the specially grilled cheese but i like the steak sandwich offering. they do a good job with it. their fries are excellent. not always room left for ice cream but when there is their assortment is awesome! the only thing they need to do to bow to the modern times is start accepting plastic as payment. the cash only is a huge inconvenience and keeps us from going there more often. i've been here a couple times but it's never wowed me. i'm not a fan of cheese so maybe that's why this just isn't the place for me. my husband loves the cheeseburger sooo i don't know. it just seems overly priced for what it is and maybe they're a bit past their day. lots of people still come so i definitely recommend trying it but don't expect it to be out of this world. i've just had way better burgers at other places. i had their banana split also which was ok but again i'm not racing back to this place anytime soon. will never return to this restaurant staff are so rude. we came in with our 97 year old father on his birthday and we stood for over a half hour for a table and people kept coming in and cutting in front of us until my dad couldn't stand anymore- they would not even help to seat us. we left and will never return. it's all about the cheese and the ice cream know where else can compare to shady glen! wonderful retro style eatery, only it's not a "style"- it's that they never changed! that's a good thing! try their cheeseburgers (they look like the flying nun!) and treat yourself to some ice cream. a great family friendly place. it's like stepping back in time. to a better time. a happier time. everyone smiles at you, asks you how you are and make the whole experience better. i drove about an hour out of my way home from rhode island to nyc to try the burger that i've heard so much about. they put so much cheese on it that it melts onto the grill around the burger and gets really crispy. it's like have a cheese potato chip around your burger. they bend the cheese up, so you're burger ends up looking like a space ship. i can't recommend it enough. try the ice cream too while you're there- homemade! i have such great memories coming here with my family and friends. it's always a treat to still come here with everyone and enjoy their delicious ice cream, milkshakes and cheeseburgers. the cheese is so unique and delicious, it's definitely the best part! i also love that you can order a plate of just cheese if you really want! i also enjoy that the staff wear those cool signature retro uniforms and the murals on the wall are beautifully kept up. it's a quaint spot for great food and i will always be a patron! worst place. fakery went for cheese burgers and ice cream. the cheese burger was thin and dry. finished off with ice cream. tiny doggie bowl, ordered carmel crunch ice cream and got chocolate ice cream with two pieces of carmel. when asked the waitress if the whip cream and fudge was homemade, she hesitantly lied and said yes so in the ice cream. which it was clearly not. definitely not headed in the right direction. this place was sad sad. better off going to mcdonald's for a large ice cream for cheaper then a $2 small. best part i must say is the fried cheese. sorry shady glen. this place is full of nostalgia. it was clean, had a friendly and attentive staff, and was a total blast from the past. i recommend enjoying 1 of their yummy milkshakes made from local dairy, and having 1 of shady's signature cheddar burgers. and do yourself a favor, try the coconut ice cream if you like coconut. . my brother-in-law buys it by the tub, and i've seen grown men argue over it. enough said. yes, this place is a throwback to days gone by with lack of printed menus, server uniforms and the like. i wouldn't choose to visit the restaurant on that basis alone. i had the "whole belly clams" and they were quite possibly the worst i have ever had. i knew i was in trouble when they were set before me and they gave off a " fishy " smell. the breading was nasty. my dining partner had the burger which was ok. high marks for good cole slaw and decent fries. in the future i probably won't eat there- just go for ice cream. we are here at 9:50 pm and they said it is closed. they have advertised 10 pm as closing time. we just wanted ice cream. unprofessional. updated: went there and he ice cream is great. changing by review to 4 stars. they can be five if they make sure that store closing hours are followed. yes, these are world famous cheeseburgers. yes, this place is awesome and a must visit. yes, the ice cream is spectacular. i've grown up in manchester and have frequented shady glen throughout my life and i'll always recommend it. that being said, one thing really irks me here. why can't the waitresses ever smile? i've never particularly received rude service here but the staff really seems like they hate their jobs. monotone, unenthusiastic to the point you feel like you're bothering them just by coming in. every restaurant has a bad day but this has been going on for years. it just makes you feel unwelcome and awkward. i don't know, i wasn't alive in the 50s so maybe that's how service was back then too and they're just keeping with the theme...	1	0	1	1	0
 just like others - this now my go to place.i am also from nyc and this is a great local choice.freiendly people, nice staff, great food.breakfast rocks.i come up from middletown for this.much better than any other spot close by. good place for breakfast or brunch. it was crowded on sunday. you won't be able to reserve a table and its first come first served basis. luckily we didn't have to wait longer. their menu comprises of variety of omelettes, sandwiches, burgers, french toast and pan cakes. since we didn't plan to have meat, we figured they do have good veg options too. garden benedict - was well made with poached eggs on slices of tomatoes. at 1$ extra, you can replace your home fries with sweet potato fries. speedy gonzalez - veggie omelette with fried beans inside it. served with tomato salsa, avocado and home fries. it was average dish with nothing special about it. caribbean delight - texas toast dipped in coconut milk, with banana slices as toppings. it was interesting option with traditional syrup. overall, food was good. this place has a traditional look from the inside, with many interesting pictures about the history of manchester. service was very slow and attentiveness of waiter was questionable. even coffee was delayed and food was served super late. it is understandable that they were busy and the delays are expected. but it has to be acknowledged by the staff. we were not informed about the delay and were kept waiting with no status. if they could be more interactive with their customers, it would help. overall, it is a good place to be tried at least once. used to enjoy eating breakfast here. five, sometimes six days a week. turnover in the staff has not been good. i waited an eternity a few weeks ago and never got any acknowledgement. that was the straw that broke tge camel's back. one of my friends, with whom i often had breakfast, was told by one of the new waitresses that she didn't care that they had lost me. too bad for the owners, who try really hard to do a great job.... this is a quaint little breakfast place. cute decor and mismatching tables, but it fit with the place. the wait staff was nice, but it fid take a while for our food to come out. when it did come out it all looked great, and the smell was enticing. our group got the three cheese omelette, perks open faced meatloaf, cheese grits, and a taco tot bowl. it was all devoured pretty quickly! the portions definitely looked small when they came out but by the time we all finished we were all stuffed. it wasn't the most amazing meal i've eaten, but it was good breakfast food. i would eat here again of it came up. awesome place, great service, wonderful food. couldn't ask for a better breakfast place and we'll be back soon! i got the irish eggs benedict, my husband had the regular eggs benedictand my daughter had the pancakes with strawberries and bananas. we all enjoyed our meals and cleaned our plates. there were coloring books and blocks for my daughter to play with before the meals came out (we didn't wait long at all though!) the coffee mugs were enormous which was great! i didn't have to ask for a million refills like i usually do at breakfast spots. 5 stars! love this place. whenever i'm up in manchester, i make it a go to place for breakfast. food and the staff are fantastic. wish it was closer to home. hoping it's just a bad day. my husband and i walked in for late breakfast behind another couple. we all sat at the same time, but while they got drinks and orders in, we ended up walking out since all the wait staff pretty much ignored our existence.the food here is good, and we have had excellent service in the past. however this left me very disappointed. i came here for a quick breakfast by myself after reading the great yelp reviews and was completely underwhelmed. it was a busy saturday morning, but since i was alone i was able to snag a spot at the bar area. immediately, the staff gave me the vibe that i was more of a nuisance than a paying customer. but, i saw them interact with their regulars and saw completely different interactions-- so maybe they just take some warming up. i added the home fries to my meal and they were completely bland. home fries can be amazing-- and aren't hard-- if you just add some spices. but, for these i needed extra salt and ketchup just to give them a taste. i want to come back, and probably will, but am hoping for a more enjoyable experience. great local spot for brunch, lunch, breakfast! gets filled up quick, be prepared to wait a little in the cramped opening. server was very attentive and helpful. nice selection on classic foods with their twist on it. i got the garden omelette. so delish with lots of fresh veggies.michael got the french toast-plenty of it. came with the usual sides and had just the right amount of crisp edges, no soggy bread allowed! always nice to support local business. decor inside consists of manchester history with old photos of main st. someone that works/owns there is religious... a religious flag hanging over bar...kind of clashes with decor... i have never had a bad experience at center perk, and it has been my favorite breakfast place for a couple years now. the staff is so friendly, the place is adorable and most importantly, the food is delicious! i love the avocado bacon wrap and the eggs benedict. it's not difficult to tell why this place is always packed! every time i'm away at college i can't wait to come home and eat here! good atmosphere, good tasting food, terribly over inflated prices for what you get! i got a bacon avocado wrap with eggs for 8.25. wasn't served with anything! no home fries, no fruit, nothing! go down the street to the landmark if your looking for a good meal for a reasonable price if you're in the area, this is my favorite brunch spot in manchester. so, go. center perk is a small, charmingly mismatched brunch spot located on historic main st., manchester. you seat yourself, which can be a little chaotic, but from there it's smooth sailing. what i love most about center perk is that their brunch specials are always changing, and their daily menu can accommodate everyone from omnivores to vegans. it's awesome that such a small place can cater to everyone's dietary needs. i am an especially big fan of their omelets, filled to the brim with whatever goodness you choose, and cooked so well. i've also had an apple topped french toast which was delicious. if you like a home-cooked style brunch with zero pretentious vibes, and generous portions for a great price, definitely check out center perk. i love this little stop on main street. great coffee, good people, wow. i recommend everything on the menu. my husband and i showed up at 11:45am on a saturday, and the restaurant was hopping. we were meeting a big group of friends for breakfast, and the waitstaff quickly rearranged tables to accommodate us. that was a huge plus, as i was expecting to wait a while for a group that big.my favorite part about this place is either the fun, mismatched mugs or the fact that they serve several "fancy" oatmeals. i feel like oatmeal is often forgotten about, and it's left to the side dish section. i tried one with coconut milk and bananas, and it was awesome. (these are also great breakfast options for vegans, as the oatmeals are made to order. they also had a delicious homemade vegan banana maple muffin on the menu that morning!)this is great addition to main street, and it's definitely worth a try! cute little local restaurant. i went around 8:30 on friday and it was full. i thoroughly enjoyed the overnight french toast. apples and cinnamon were melded perfectly as a bed for rich french toast topped with syrup. i am not some coffee connoisseur but somehow their coffee was extra good. i absolutely love that they provide a large cup with nice handle. perfect pick me up on a rainy summer day. we came here for this first time today for valentine's day brunch to meet our friends. the folks here were pretty accommodating as our friends were 3 people seated at a table for 5, but we came unexpectedly with two extra kids, making 7 total. we just pulled up more chairs, no problem. the waitress is a sister to the big family who have the restaurant. she seemed nice, but rather harried with the sunday morning crowd here. one of us spilled the coffee and she was lightning quick to clean up & replace. we got our drinks of coffees, specialty tea, water & hot chocolate. i ordered off the extensive specials menu a creme brle challah french toast with a fruit cup with my berry zinger tea. the others ordered a hodgepodge of interesting custom breakfast omelets with things like guacamole, salsa, eggs benedict, corn beef hash, pancakes, bacon, biscuits, you name it! the quality of the homemade items was really divine! i would have liked a third piece of the challah french toast and a refill of my water, but alas it was super busy & i was sitting on the inside hard to see. we enjoyed their meals immensely. (check the scrumptious photos!)i would definitely recommend this for breakfast, but it is quite popular so go in an off time if you aren't having a leisurely meal or prefer more staff attention. the problem is there are so many great breakfast choices that i would not venture out of my own town on a sunday morning to come here on our own. that being said, overall it's still a good choice for a local sunday breakfast. walked in... no one acknowledge my boyfriend and i for a good 5 minutes. not even a "i'll be with you in a minute" nothing, so we left. we went to the gathering where customer service exist. with so many breakfast places to choose from, it is hard sometimes to separate one from another. this one is among the mix and is good but not particularly memorable. let me preface this by saying the pancakes are outstanding. if pancakes are what i am looking for this place has the best. hands down. but, the challah french toast and the omelets were no better or worse than at a dozen other local restaurants.  and the irish benedict was disappointing.  a minute portion of hash on a soggy english muffin with an overcooked poached egg and water too much overlemony hollandaise sauce.   also, the muffin i ordered was nowhere to be found despite bring listed on the specials board. service is friendly but slow. with several equivalent breakfast spots closer to home and a really spectacular one a few miles away, there is little reason to travel to this one except when meeting friends there. found this place by accident a few months ago, been back whenever possible since. the food is excellent and the decor is great. the miscellaneous dishes add to the experience! great experience once again! staff was very friendly and checked in regularly. food was great - got a grilled raspberry muffin, a slice of caribbean delight, and a modified avocado wrap. my husband got the oatmeal raisen pancakes that he says were tasty and fluffy. great kids menu. my stepdaughter got their specialty of eggs benedict and enjoyed it. they both got corned beef hash which was a hit. cute little place. had breakfast here on a saturday morning, it wasn't too busy and we were able to sit right away. great coffee! irish eggs benedict - very good. lots of options to build your own omelette. the only negative was that the tomatoes were uncooked in the omelette, but i just pushed them aside. i'll definitely be back for more asiago toast and sweet potato home fries! i've been here many times and never disappointed.. the food is awesome and so is the service.. it's very welcoming and you can get a glimpse of history on the walls.. it's a great place !!! :) a very nice local place for brunch. a bit on the expensive side, but i prefer giving more money to local places and sustaining a community. their specials are something to look forward to. i like this place a lot. it's one of the only spots locally that has great eggs benedict and amazing corned beef hash. they actually have "irish eggs benedict" which has hash and benedict all in one..i would say one of the few downsides to this spot is the location. for business it's great, main street in manchester is a popular strip, for customers on a busy day it's awful. good luck finding parking - cozy atmosphere- nice wait staff- slow kitchen; in and out in about an hour- irish benedict: minced cornbeef hash on an english muffin topped with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. interesting but delicious texture. served with roasted and well seasoned potatoes.- biscuit and gravy: thick sausage gravy tops a homemade toasted biscuit. very good, very thick, not creamy. served with two eggs scrambled.- homemade toast available with smuckers jam loved this place! we stumbled upon this gem because we couldn't find chez ben's restaurant. it's quaint, peaceful, the servers are helpful and the food was awesome. they also worked with us on making substitutions as well. i would highly recommend this place to anyone. went for the first time today. loved the atmosphere and service. breakfast was excellent. try the farmers grits. will be heading back here again soon! ok but over priced. the service has gotten much better since last year. i just wish they didn't run out of things so often. first time here for my son(11) and i and we absolutely fell in love with the food, atmosphere, and service!!! we were looking for a good brunch place on our way to buckland mall, so glad we stopped here. we were greeted warmly, no wait and our waitress( ?courtney) was a delight! i was thrilled to find out they offered flavored coffees, lattes, and espresso.my son ordered the bacon, egg, avocado wrap with homefries and toast. he devoured it! i ordered a cheddar, ham, spinach, and mushroom omelet and sweet potato homefries( delish!). loved the fresh ingredients especially the spinach. everything was delicious, a very family run/family oriented place. we may be making the drive from west hartford more often!! yum.. kudos to center perk! my wife and i felt like having pancakes. their menu states "fluffy pancakes". couldn't have been further from the truth. our pancakes were flat and gummy.we should have sent them back. we were there on sunday, may 29th.	1	1	1	0	1
 i love thai food and was looking to try a new place. i was optimistic based on the reviews, and was not at all disappointed! we had the panang curry, pineapple fried rice and mango coconut sticky rice for dessert and everything was amazing. i have tried a few different thai places in the manchester/ south windsor area and this was by far the best! the service was just as amazing as the food, my only complaint was that by the time i placed my order, around 7pm, they had sold out of sticky rice. i will know for next time to order earlier! stopped here the other night and i enjoyed the food..........until the next day.. wow just felt awful. the host/waitress is kind of intense. i ordered pad thai and it was served in a crazy short time. probably wouldn't go back as many other yelpers have mentioned, this place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall. drive or walk-by and you'll see what i mean. because of that, i can't speak for the customer service or decor. food-wise, we both got an order of the green curry to-go. i was pleasantly surprised at how fast our order was completed (granted, we were the only people there) and how tasty it was! (pretty solid for $9.95) there's not much to look at inside, and compared to the hartford location, the manchester spot is tough to look at. for the best experience: do take-out only! i will be back! amazing shrimp pad thai and it was ready for pick up in minutes. the young gentleman greeting customers was so friendly. they've been under new management for 3 weeks. good luck to them! ordered take out for dinner. steamed dumplings and basil fried rice. place is small and minimalistic but everyone there was raving about food while i was waiting on my order.i wasn't disappointed dumplings and rice were great and portions were big. very solid thai food. they have another location on park st in hartford/west hartford which imo is a little bit better quality but on this side of the river it's the best you can findupdate 1/4/17:  i just ordered a large chicken tom yum soup and it was the most disappointing soup i've ever had. for $10, i expect more than two slivers of chicken and a half an onion with a gallon of broth. the new ownership is taking what was once my go to thai spot to a place i'll have a hard time giving business to again worth every penny you spend at this place! amazingly delicious food, warm staff and very casual place to go just any other day! feels like going everyday ... ordered through uber eats, was really crispy and fresh and delicious when it arrived. really impressed, best thai food in the area. wonderful thai food! new owners..friendly, cool. kasey is very personable. convinced me they were just as good as the former owners and he was right...the pad thai with crspy wonton was stupendous, the pineapple curry was a hit also you can't go wrong. this little gem never has a wait, has great service, and delicious food. i love the curry and pad thai. it's a wonderful, local small business, and i love going over for a nice dinner with no hassle on friday or saturday. feels good to give them patronage instead of the big chains elsewhere in manchester. the hartford location is a bit better, but for manchester this is definitely the best thai food in the area. they always get the spiciness just right while food portions for value is on par with other area restaurants. i always take out so i can't comment on the indoor service, but it is definitely has a "hole in the wall" vibe. if you are in manchester and are craving thai food, this is the place to go. this is a new thai restaurant in our neighborhood. the place used to be an old chinese restaurant kind of drab but slowly the new owner had worked hard to make the place a very welcoming place. much casual than sukhothai in downtown manchester but that is the charm of the place. so far i have ordered food three times and i have been very happy with everything i had ordered. the summer rolls are very fresh and yummy. the papaya salad and the steak salad (which i have ordered in separate occasions) were also delicious. they really know how to cook seafood, especially calamari--super tender! my husband really enjoyed their drunken noodles. nice spice and good portion size. overall a great new addition in our area and i look forward to try the other dishes in the menu. the prices are also very fair. the owner is super nice and very flexible regarding customizing the meal to meet dietary needs. i totally recommend this place to anyone that like thai food. it's awful!! i have tried hundreds of thai food restaurants. this one, i must say, is the worst one.  the tom yam soup is not spicy but only sour and sweet. and the food there is not fresh at all. the scallops i have ordered are stinky. bad experience! i was pretty disappointed coming here. i am used to going to the one in hartford and figured i'd give this one a try. first i came in on a friday and there was only one other table. second our order took 45 minutes to come out. third the sticky rice had hard pieces in it. the lahp (totally butchered the spelling) was not lap. it was more like a stir fry if anything. the pad thai was a monstrous plate of noodles. on the bottom of my pad thai experiences. the location kills it for them. lack of location and lack of patrons (volume) make this restaurant sub par. a shame because the one in hartford is really good. i love laos food and it's hard to find. someone needs to do it well. unfortunately this place is not it.i would have given it 1 star but it is a family run establishment that i know can do better.  must of been am off night i introduced myself to this place after i had driven by it daily. i could tell from the front that it had a "hole in the wall" look but had a feeling that great thai food couldn't be this close to where i lived. boy was i wrong and k&i quickly became a go-to takeout place.i've had a number of the dishes, ranging from several of the curries (yellow, massamun, panang, red) to wild boar basil, kai ka prow, siam noodles, a couple of the fried rices, drunken noodles, and pad thai. i've stayed mostly with chicken options but have occasionally ventured into trying out the duck. although some are better than others, all seemed to have a homemade feel. the sauces in particularly were simple yet full of flavor, without feeling like processed and msg-filled chinese takeout.my favorite dishes would have to be the yellow and panang curries and kai ka prow. i will say the wild boar was not my favorite and the pad thai didn't impress me, but i would have any of the other dishes again. at first i thought that they could afford to give more rice per dish, but soon found that drowning the rice in the sauces makes it better (for whatever reason).the lady that runs the restaurant has always given quick and polite service. the interior is small with only a few tables (one of which usually with some of the kids fresh from school finishing their hw) but has the feel of a family-owned place. as far as healthier options for takeout (if there is such a thing), this place is a stronger option than a chinese restaurant or any other processed food. pricing is decent as the dinner options will feed you for two meals. i need to start by saying that my rating reflects the food only, not the restaurant itself, which is a tiny little hole in the wall with absolutely no ambiance.if you're looking for delicious, affordable take-out, this is the best thai food east of the river! i highly recommend the following:tom ka (coconut soup)silver saladdrunken noodlespad thai i was introduced to this place by a friend in the area and since then i've gotten take-out from them twice. both times i had the panang curry with duck, and both times it was delicious. the prices are a little bit on the higher side for take-out but that's what i get for ordering duck. the staff is always friendly and the service is quick. i never have to wait to long to go pick it up. my only complaint is that they don't deliver.i try not to order out too much when i'm home, but i'm happy to have this place in my take-out / delivery line-up for a good meal when i'm too busy to cook. pretty disappointing coming here... when you work in the food industry and my family is from southeast asia you tend to be more empathetic to small business's. however you have to be honest when their is bad service. i saw one of the chefs outside smoking cigarettes and arguing with someone on the phone swearing at them!!. who sits outside their own restaurants and makes a scene before patrons walk in. i sat down with my guest for dinner we got apps and entrees both.the service was ok at best, i hated when people any kind of "foreign restaurants" treat you like second class citizens. when we ordered i ask simple questions about the ingredients in my dish because i never heard of the description before. they proceeded to tell me it was good and to push me to order it. yes of course im not just gonna order something i don't know what i'm eating. the server then walked away talking in another language and interjecting in english to another coworker. i then ask if the restaurant uses msg.. they told me no only on some dishes not all, that was a lie they use it on everything they cook in this place. did i tell you i've worked in the industry for over 14 years, i know when someone doesn't like you as a customer. this is just unacceptable and awkward. the fork was dirty and had crusted leftover food on it. it was unpleasant but wasn't that discouraging. i just let it go because this stuff happens but c'mon how hard is it to look at silver ware when you put it on the table. their was only two other people in the place. what a joke lol. meanwhile i was still pleasant and nice because you never want to upset people handling your food. it took 45 min for our entrees to come out, was the cook on a break??? it was ok at best not worth it for what i got. i probably will never go back, the place smells like a dirty wash cloth. i think the chef was doing drugs in the back because all i could smell was weed!! that is just gross. i probably wouldn't use my credit card here because of the sketchiness of the place, make sure you have fraud protection on that cc. just go onto youtube and look up the ingredients yourself and buy them and cook it. better than this place it smells like pee.. hands down the best thai food in the area! do not let the outside fool you! the food is amazing! it's a great takeout spot. i highlyy recommend the chicken pad thai! i like their portion. food taste great. however if you have more than 5 people in table please pay attention to the bill. there is 18% service fee already added in the bill. i didn't know so i paid more tip on my bill. the chicken pad thai and all the curries (green, red, yellow, masaman) are so freakin good. i do dinner portions because they really hook up the curries. the five star spice here will knock anyone on their ass so be ready if you order it. yummy lunch!! ordered the drunken noodles but with pad thai noodles instead. extra sauce and some spice. it was delicious! granted this was my first drunken noodle dish ever....since i usually order pad thai. the high rating was the only reason why i have visited this restaurant in the first place. sadly, it was nothing near satisfaction. (too bad my phone was out when i dined there tonight, otherwise photos of what i am about to described would have been more convincing.the interior of the restaurant clearly suggests that is a family own business, a place that was recently renovated from a living room.i would have been fine with this place if the food was actually decent, unfortunately, compared to other thai restaurants in the area, king and i thai is sub-par.the thai ice tea and tom yum soup were the only items that are upto the standard.the curry and the satay chicken was barely edible.the satay chicken was overcooked and burnt on one side and it was too oily as a whole.in terms of the curry, only the sauce was like what is served in the other thai restaurants, the mixed vegetables in it, especially the green beans, were way undercooked. my friend, who was there to dine with me, told me that the texture of the beef within the curry is overly chewy (i suppose she meant it was overcooked?) the jasmine rice served with the curry was horrible, part of the rice dried out. (taste like it was reheated by the microwave)i don't have high expectations for a family-owned restaurant, but this is obviously worse than expected.not recommended. look forward to king and i every time we come to the area. generally go to the hartford location but came by here and it is just as good. recommend:massaman curry (veggie, chicken, tofu are all good options) is one of the best. great pad thai for the beginners and i recommend trying the drunken noodle to expand. if you like things spicy make sure to request to bump it up. i love this place. the staff is great, the portions are huge, and the price isn't bad for the amount of food you get. i love the drunken noodles and the steamed dumplings are great as well. if you haven't had it try it, it's worth it. not sure what all of the hype is about...i've had much better thai food, and anyone who comes here who has had enjoyed thai from a fair distribution of establishments would agree. the drunken noodles were fantastic and our pad thai noodles rocked, but... the meat and seafood? it completely threw off everything else. the chicken was extremely dry, the squid was tough and rubbery, the shrimp was definitely not fresh...furthermore, let's be clear about atmosphere - this isn't a place where you want to sit down and dine. best for take out. they didn't even ask how spicy we wanted our noodles. not sure what kind of thai place they're running here but i doubt i'll be back unless there are serious changes. our first time trying this restaurant was very good. my partner and i walked in for dinner and got two appetizers and two entrees. we got some steamed dumpings and a silver soup. the soup had very good garlic flavor and lots of vegetables. i got the panang curry which came with jasmine rice. it was well spiced but not too hot. my partner got a pad thai which i tried as well. it was sweeter than some others i've tried but still good. extra points for including a lime wedge. the lady who runs the place is very nice too. can't wait to try this place again. to sum it up: delicious authentic thai food, delivered quick! this place is definitely not a first date out kind of place. very hole in the wall. there were maybe 5 tables of 4. the decor left something to be desired and the presentation of the food was plain. however, the food was delicious and delivered quickly. service was friendly and efficient. i got the papaya salad and there wasn't a lot in it but the flavor was on point and authentic. the vegetables were very fresh, especially considering it was a very slow evening (the icicles were still up, sleeting, past regular dinner hours, only party in there). i enjoyed my beef massaman curry too and had no issues with the texture of the beef. i could have drank the curry broth too. my husband enjoyed his pad thai too. if you're looking for authentic quick thai, this is the place to go (they also had laotian food on the menu...). if you want to try a thai place with more atmosphere and more presentation (equally delicious), try jao praya in bolton. stopped in yesterday and had a great lunch. flavors were on point, everything was fresh and tasty. great fresh spring rolls, curry dishes were very good and a glass noodle salad that was delicious. portions were generous. we will definitely be back to try other dishes! this is a must try hole-in-the-wall. looks are deceiving. this little joint does great thai. i had the drunken noodles, and the green curry. both are some of the best that i have had and would measure up to any place i've been in nyc.	1	0	0	1	0
 ok anyone who knows me knows i love to eat and i love great foods so if you have the hankering for mexican food you really need to divulge in the food here at fiesta mexicana here in vernon you know i wouldn't stir you wrong the food is wonderful and the portions are huge stop in and enjoy the music and thefood you'll think you are in mexico latest mexican to the east of river dining scene is a cut above. you can tell from house made chips and salsa and table side guac this place cares about freshness and authenticity. try pork abobado, carne asada and shrimp burrito. chicken tortilla and black soups are legit and big enough for a meal. word to wise: fajitas have so much sizzle and spice sometimes the ventilation system can't handle it. one night in bar area it was like someone had pepper sprayed the crowd!place knows how to make a margarita that's not a slurry of frozen limeade! developing a well deserved following and bar crowdskip the margaritavilles and chipotle's; eat mexican food made and served by mexican people that care at this place pretty good local mexican place with a generous menu selection. the seafood enchilada is fantastic, as are the veggie fajitas and the queso. atmosphere is clean and staff is friendly.you guys have to work on your margarita game, however. they are usually kind of weak and a bit watery/bland. other than that, it's a good little place if you are craving mexican. i usually leave with a doggy bag. :) overall a very nice experience the staff is friendly and welcoming. our food was really good, served hot, nice flavors and ample portion.not exactly a place with ambience for a friday night dinner out.. definitely a family friendly restaurant. plaza location a bit rundown. we will probably go back and try a seat in the bar area for a cozier table. been there twice now with a few coworkers. 5 to be exact. the wait staff is awesome and the serviceis great. we called ahead each time and we all order a lot of food. the order was correct each time and the food was phenomenal. we've had almost everything on the menu already. the queso fundido is yummy and perfectly cheesy. the guacamole is whipped up right at the table so it's very fresh and made the way you want. we wanted extra cilantro and they easily accommodated us. the only thing i didn't like was the tortilla soup it was a little salty. but the chimichanga, burritos, carne asada, jalapeo poppers, releno, chips and salsa, margharitas and enchiladas are all delicious. we'll be back for sure! based on a coworkers recommendation is how i came down to fiesta mexicana. very spacious restaurant with plenty of seating, we got seated right away when we visited on a saturday evening.good choices of margaritas and my favorite is the jalapeo margarita. the food was ok and nothing exceptional that excited me. good and friendly staff too.i will definitely be back to enjoy some more good margaritas. fresh ingredients at a great price, with quality customer service!! had my family birthday dinner here and we all had a great time!! the tableside guacamole as well as the chile relleno (deep fried pepper stuffed with cheese) are our favorites! solid 3.5 experience. fiesta mexicana is reminiscent of azteca and margaritas but their food is fresher and tastes way better to which i was pleasantly surprised. i wouldn't call it totally authentic mexican, but again everything was relatively delicious. they start you off with some chips and salsa which were tasty enough to snack on. for my meal i ordered the carne asada. the meat was tender and flavorful. their guacamole was soooooo good with large slices of avocado which was nice. the refried beans and white rice were also surprising good as well. from what i could tell the portions of each of their meals were huge, i had enough left over for lunch the next day. so their food is definitely good value.the one thing i wasn't crazy about was their margaritas. it tasted fine and everything but just didn't really scream quality to me which is a bit disappointing, but i'll give them another try. great option for mexican in the area. i was excited to try this mexican restaurant! keep in mind my review is coming from a vegetarian perspective.  my first note is the complimentary chips and salsa..... thank you, but what an overwhelming taste of black pepper in the salsa. not what i expected, i prefer cilantro ! i did appreciate the vegetarian section on the menu, i tried the vegetarian chimichanga. it was ok i would take out most of the onions and maybe add some beans or cheese.  i found the margarita rather bland.  i would not go out of my way to go back here. sorry.april 22, 2017. some friends wanted to meet up here, so i was happy to give it another try. the salsa was better, no black pepper! i ordered the veggie enchiladas, requesting 'light on the onions'. the were pretty good. maybe my first visit was just on a bad night?  i'd like to also mention we ordered the table guacamole = yummy! fiesta is one among the authentic mexican restaurants. the food, staff and the ambience is just awesome. best in the area too. regular mexican menu which serves good serving size. i loved the rice and the beans so flavorful and perfectly cooked. every dish was served hot to the table.a decently priced menu, calls in for large group, good for any kind of celebrations.it's located in one of those plazas with ample parking space! love fiesta mexicana! best mexican restaurant in vernon. their complementary chips and salsa are delicious. i ordered the chicken enchiladas and a margarita and everything came out perfectly. highly recommend! to quote sally, aka meg ryan, yes! yes! yes!everything is right about this place. server phenomenal. friendly and very attentive. my drink was always filled promptly. complementary chips crunchy and the salsa had a good kick and flavored nicely with cilantro. we started with queso fundido. the most glorious layers of seasoned chorizo, peppers, and cheese baked to a gooey perfection. served with the freshest, softest tortillas. the chile relleno was a good degree of heat topped with a nice red sauce. i adore the refried beans as they reminded me of my texas days with the fluffiest of rice. the decor is, well, cliche but in this case it works. great addition to vernon area. stopped by here on my way home cas of all the good reviews and this place did not disappoint.service was great and they were trained well, waters always full.i had the steak with shrimp dish, and my husband had the carne asada. the portions were very generous, decent amount of rice and beans which were very tasty. the sauce on top of the steak with shrimp dish was really good to mix it together with the rice and beans it tasted delicious. i ordered my steak medium, if you like your steak more on the rare side like i do order a temperature down, the sauce that comes over the steak will continue cooking the meat.we also ordered the bean soup very good flavors but very filling so i recommend sharing that with a group of at least four. it has been a terribly long time since i've had good mexican food. so imagine my surprise that not only is there a new mexican restaurant opening but it's in my neighborhood. i about lost it...i went there as soon as i found out. and..get this...it was awesome. great service and really good food. what did i ever do to deserve this?!?anywho, my honey and i ordered the fiesta burrito and shrimp nachos. both were quite yummy. you get chips and salsa as soon as you're seated (typical mexican restaurant protocol, of course). while i did not like the red salsa (i found it rather bland), i simply asked for a spicier salsa and they delivered this magical tomatillo salsa that was amazing (although, not spicier). the one thing that bothered me was when the server would refill my salsa, he would hold the bowl in such a way that his thumb would be in the salsa (ick), rather than putting the bowl on a plate and then holding the plate. not a big deal but i noticed. there is plenty of parking in the front of the establishment and they accept cash and card.they are open 11 or 12 hours a day (depending on the day) and they offer lunch specials. yay for fiesta mexicana. we went for dinner last night and had a fantastic time! the only problem was that the restaurant was so busy that they were running out of plates and silverware!!! which to be honest is probably because of how great the food is!!! the fiesta sampler is a must!!! we didn't have any issues with our food and barely made a dent into our entrees after tearing up the sampler. the prices are fair and the menu has everything you want! excellent mexican food. the food is great. if you have little kids who need kid food, they have a kid menu that includes chicken strips. so, the parents can eat fabulous mexican food in peace.  my kid who tried my chicken dish admitted that it was good. that says a lot! a little hard to find but so good! you can't beat the service. gustavo was the best waiter of.all.time. meat had no flavor. rice was bad. beans were bad. guacamole was terrible.plaza azteca is much better the food is fantastic. nice quality, good portions, tasty, and reasonably priced. the service is phenomenal. the seating is comfortable. we go there weekly. it's a fun atmosphere the staff is very accommodating. the bar has a nice selection of liquors. my boyfriend loves the margaritas, i'm a vodka girl. suggestions quesadilla del mar, mini flautas, lettuce wraps, and the chimicangas. although we have never had a bad meal there. i love table side guacamole and this place doesn't disappoint. a great array of mexican dishes that are very much american sized and a good value. great for couples, families, and groups. we've been here four times, including the grand opening day! while there were small things to fix at first, as is with all new restaurants, the food is fabulous! i'm very impressed with the level of pleasant, sometimes with humor, wait staff service! i love when one waiter asked if we'd like some avocado in our guacamole! he clearly saw that he could joke with us! yer owner is always appreciative when we've brought new diners in with us. she's friendly and helpful. the chips and spicy salsa arrive immediately! the chips are not fried in a dedicated space, so they're not strictly gluten free. the corn tortillas are easily substituted in meals if necessary and are very good! have the table side prepared guacamole! you'll be glad you did! fresh and delicious! the staff is happy to adjust ingredients to your liking- more cilantro or jalapeo for example!and get the black bean soup! it's truly a menu highlight with such flavor! the lettuce wraps are one of my favorite items! a healthy and delicious twist on mexican food!quesadillas,burritos, enchiladas and mole have all been so tasty! they have adjusted for my meatless diet very easily and deliciously! i can vouch for the skinny margaritas as well!the interior is so warm and inviting! it had been a vast, bland space, but the owners have created a very authentic space with booths imported from mexico! even when very busy, the noise level is never too high. bathrooms are clean and very roomy!i can't wait to return! the food here at mexicana is the most authentic you are going to find around the area.the menu is huge... quesadillas, burritos, enchiladas, mole(sauce), pollo(chicken), mariscos (seafood) and a wide choice of vegetarian are among its many offerings.we had vegetarian chimichanga and they were kind enough to split the portion into two (which was big in itself)...the rice was well flavored my lil one ate it without a fuss.the house chips very fresh and warm, served with salsa.the service was excellent although i reckon none of the wait staff speak english.highly recommend a visit if your in the area. a few coworkers decided to head out to lunch on a wednesday to check out the new mexican place. the restaurant wasn't too busy for a wednesday at lunch time so the wait staff was very attentive. i wasn't really blow away by this mexican restaurant. the atmosphere was like any other tex-mex that is in the area and the chips were ok. i will say their salsa had some good heat. for lunch i got two soft chicken tacos. the portion size was really good for lunch and left me full!i will definitely give this place another try. wonderful food and service.second time here and will continue coming back. got the seafood chimichanga, just spicy enough that it's not overpowering, and i'm not one for spicy food.boyfriend got the fiesta burrito. great blend of flavors. second time we've been here and omg. the table guacamole is the freshest you will ever had. it's made right at the table for you. the margaritas are good the actual food is excellent. the service is top i've been on a quiet night and a busy night and the waiters/waitresses were very attentive and the food came out so quickly that i actually asked how many cooks were in the kitchen because i couldn't imagine that it was any less then 10(spoiler alert: there's 4) we will be back many a time. my partner and i live close to this location. locals will know what i'm saying when i say i that i was sad when charlie's closed! r house was ok. when that closed, we said to each other, "you know what would be awesome? if a mexican place opened in there." then one day we saw the sign: "mexican restaurant coming soon." we were sooooo excited. we got a flyer on our car one day announcing the grand opening in several days' time and we decided to see if there was maybe a soft opening, and there was! so we visited on the very first night, and have been there at least once a week since. now i need to buy new pants!veggie chimichangas and enchiladas and nachos are all good: another review mentioned plaza azteca and margarita's as rough equivalents, and i agree, but fiesta is def the best of the 3. they use a variety of veggies at fiesta: zucchini julienned, carrots, etc. this may sound crazy, but the shape of the veggies makes a huge difference in their yumminess: more surface areas to get crispy, and not so large that the texture/mouthfeel is interrupted within a single piece, right? so: by far the best variety and methodology of veggies at any local mexi place.second: one day the server asked us if we like hot sauce: yes!! yes i do! they brought this housemade salsa with fresh mushrooms and jalapeos and i think habaneros? it is one of the most delicious things i have ever had in my life. the mushrooms and carrots in it balance and sweeten the heat of the peppers. ask for the housemade mushroom salsa if you like hot stuff. the coconut margarita is pretty bangin'.i love this place so much and the waitstaff all recognizes us (all very friendly, too) to the point that we feel sorta self-conscious for going there so much. i'm not going to say that overall the mexican food as a whole is my fave ever, but it is really great. the shroom salsa, tho, is my fave ever. i have never had another salsa like it!vernon needed a place like this and we are lucky to have gotten it. we have dined here about 4-5 times since it has opened and it has always been a great experience. the staff is very friendly and the service is extremely quick. the happy hour menu is pretty nice! $4 margaritas and appetizers and everything has always been very good. sat on the restaurant side on friday night and everyone in our party if enjoyed their meals and their giant margaritas. found this restaurant on yelp.com while out near rockville. will definitely be back. worth the trip from west hartford. had the fajitas for two. yummy!! been meaning to check this place out for a while. especially after all the rave reviews it had been receiving. my only thought walking in here was, will it live up to hype!thursday night dinner, seated promptly. the service as attentive and helpful. the waiter was great with this suggestions. the meal started with the normal chips and salsa. ended up getting 2 entrees. the tacos de carnitas and the chipotle burrito, both recommendations by the waiter. and dang were they good! the meat in the taco was moist and there was plenty of it for the 3 tacos to fill you up. the burrito, a monster, covered in cheese and sauce. the best part was all the ingredients on the inside were warm, the chorizo still tender and not over cooked. certainly will keep this at the top of my list for mexican restaurants. first impressions are yummy yummy yummy! the atmosphere is fun, warm, and inviting to groups of all sizes. portions are very generous for the prices, and i will definitely be going back! recommendations: steak fajitas handmade guacamole	1	0	1	1	0
 this place is my go to after a workout believe it or not, and surprisingly i'm not the only one! my boyfriend and i stop by here after our workout to get the salads. the big sky, with everything in there that includes bacon, avocado, egg etc. it's so tasty and it's only for 13 bucks! i got the chicken and my boyfriend got the burger salad. this place never upsets me. also their lemon drop martini are strong and amazing. come for happy hour ted's montana grill let me down last month and in a big big big way. i waited over a month to write this in order to let my thoughts see.we took my son out for his 19th birthday, so the group of eight of us were sat in the rear section by the kitchen. things started off well as our waitress brought us all drinks, and an appetizer of chili nachos appeared quickly and were devoured even more quickly.then we waited. and waited. and waited. and waited. by this time it was 8:00 p.m. the dinner rush was over. and still we waited for our meals to come. no waitstaff came. suddenly, there was a flurry of activity at the kitchen. our food started being brought out. three dinners appeared! and then we had to wait five minutes for the next set of food to appear. all in all, it took ten minutes for our food to all finally be at our table.but we had to send some if it back. burgers were overcooked, so new ones had to be made. they were also overcooked. baked potatoes were brought out smothered in sour cream. we'd asked for it on the side. my burger was on the wrong bread, and came covered with bacon. i don't eat bacon.at the end of the meal they brought out a birthday cake for my son. when we got the check they had charged us for the birthday cake! on top of that they had messed up almost half of our orders and i'm not served our food in a timely manner. we were in a rush to go somewhere else and it did not feel like spoiling the birthday mood by dickering over the check and telling the manager that the customer service have been poor that evening i have visited this location a half dozen times or so. last nights visit was enough to never return. i called in the afternoon to set up a reservation for 4 for my wife's birthday dinner with her parents. we arrived just prior to the time scheduled. i checked in at the host stand and was told it "would be just a few minutes, we are just clearing the table". we stood there for nearly half an hour, watching people walk in and be quickly seated, before i took the 3 steps over to ask how we were looking. people were being told it was a 15 minute wait. there was a table that was sitting empty and uncleared for a good 10 minutes right next to us, at this time. so why am i waiting for my reserved table for 30 minutes. i was told the people at my table were paid and waiting for them to leave. apparently i was given a chosen table when i called and they aren't allowed to change it. after this, the dirty table next to us was cleared and after another 10 minutes of waiting, my mother in law asked what was taking so long for us to sit. the host then claimed he sent my phone an alert that the table was ready and he was waiting for us. we were standing 4 feet away from him. i never received a message. i guess the old way of calling the name, doesn't exist here. the table we got was the one that sat empty for 20 minutes right next to us. as far as the table service, the waitress was ok. we didn't have great service but i wouldn't write a bad review on her. the food is good but the prices are a little out of control. i have had much better burgers for much less than $18. my wife ordered the $14 crab cakes appetizer with the plan of us splitting the crab cakes and also my burger. there was 1 crab cake, one. not a giant crab cake, just an average size, single crab cake, for $14.it's evident that this is a chain. the food is chain quality with chain prices and chain level of service. good choice if you are craving a high quality burger. i usually get the new mexico burger with beef (you can get bison, but i find it a bit sweet) and add grilled jalapenos to it. i have also had the crab cake, which is very good and mostly crab. the waiters are friendly and efficient. this was my third time here. i liked it better the two previous times. got potato chip appetizer it was tasty. i ordered the trout with mashed potoroos and kale salad. the kale salad was blah, the mashed potatoes very good and the trout was ok but a little dry. i had a bloated stomach ache all night, won't order the fish ever again. i might try the restaurant again. they are very nice there. just wish i didn't get a stomach ache. a great upscale chain restaurant located in the shopping center. my friend always talks about how great it is so we decided to go there for a late lunch. there was a wait on a sunday, however the hostess took our phone number so we could wander around the shopping center while we waited. the dcor of the restaurant is mid west meets a new york steak house. they provide you with unlimited pickles that i believe are soaked in a vinegar dressing. i started my meal with a delish mojito which i needed after a nice day of shopping. they offer a kid's menu, however my friend and his nephew shared an order of sliders and that was enough for them. i had a shrimp ceaser salad which the waiter said was one of his favs. well...he was right. a hearty portion of juicy shrimp on a bed of crisp, fresh lettuce. i love that fact the soap in the restrooms is borax, powdered soap. what an old school throw back. i will be back when the weather is warmer as they also offer outdoor seating! this is one of my favorite places to eat and especially this location! very friendly staff with great food. my favorite is their nachos. with buffalo chili and a side of guacamole! you can get beef or buffalo burgers. in the fall they have apple crisp that is the best!! a great place to eat. enjoy! update: you just can't go wrong here. my latest obsession is the big sky salad with the most perfectly cooked salmon. request how you like it as the standard is medium well; i always order it medium rare and it is phenomenal. thank you ted for finally getting rid of the cabbage/carrot mixture and instead sticking with the fresh spring mix. 100% improved. companion got one of my other faves the pecan encrusted trout. that was a gigantic, but good, piece of fish. they expressed my same previous comment in that the asparagus tips are woody; they need some trimming. having just eaten at bone fish across the street last night, i find it astounding that they cannot properly cook fish and ted's, known more for beef and bison, nails it every time. pleasantly surprised! my boyfriend and i almost went to longhorn, but decided to give this place a shot instead. i really enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant and the booths were super comfortable (almost secluded from the rest of the floor). we started with the bison nachos, which were heavenly and had the perfect amount of toppings. the side of guacamole was also nothing short of amazing. for my entree, i ordered the bison new york strip and it was incredible. i was a bit leery of the bison at first, since i have never had it before--but i am sososo happy i branched out and tried it. it was delicious and reminded me a bit of venison, which i also love. i would definitely recommend the garlic mash potatoes, since they were super tasty and had some chunks of potato in them with the skin. the broccoli i ordered was okay and i ended up taking it home with me for later with the little bit of bison i had left. niceforo also tried bison for the first time and had the green and hot burger, which he enjoyed very much as well. to top it off we had two humongous chocoholic chip cookies that were pretty good, but we kinda wished they were warmed up first. our server, jd, was friendly, took good care of us, and helped me out with a drink from the bar i didn't care for. overall, great restaurant with good service--we'll definitely be back again one day! two perfect burgers: both the bison and the chicken. drinks were on point and reasonably priced as well. herby like! this place is great! and the reason for a 4 rating vs a 5 is the patio, where we seated, could have been better. the food is very very good. the wine selection not only is good but the price is reasonable. also they have a great happy hour from monday to friday.we had great service from brian. he was a pleasure to talk to and showed great excitement about his place of work. i am definitely coming back! we went here for burgers after shopping at evergreen walk. it was empty inside for a holiday weekend. atmosphere: awe liked the booths. they are semi-private and very comfortable. you can't really see other parties in the booths the way they are built, which creates a nice intimate setting. apps: b+we shared the salt & pepper onion rings. these would have been an a+ if the batter didn't fall off. they were nicely seasoned and the accompanying horseradish sauce was yummy. the best thing about the lunch was the pickles that they bring out ... delicious! i could have eaten a pound of them. burgers: b (bison burgers are available as well, but we both had the beef) the ground beef used for the burgers was super fresh. when the meat falls apart, you know that it is freshly packed. the burgers were nicely seasoned. i ordered the classic cheeseburger with cheddar and added avocado to it. when it arrived, i was surprised to see that it was not dressed with lettuce & tomato. the buns were soft and buttery but they didn't seem the right proportion to the size of the burger. it was too much meat and not enough bun. the side of fries that comes with the burger looked fresh cut but mine were very undercooked and soggy. my hubby's fries were more crispy and better cooked. service: b-for an empty restaurant, i was surprised to receive such slow service. it took a long time for our server to come to the table and he was bland (even when trying to spark a sense of humor with him), and he was more concerned with running over to the blonde hostess in between bringing items to our table. i could have used a few iced tea refills, but he wasn't around the table much (hanging at the hostess station). i'm glad that we tried this place for lunch, but we wouldn't be back for burgers. our bill was a little over $50 for 2 burgers, onion rings, and 2 beers. we agreed that we'd prefer going to five guys or bobby's burger palace before coming back to ted's for burgers. however, we'd like to come back and try their steak dinners! 30 minute wait on a saturday night wasn't bad compared to others at an hr and half. we ordered both root beer and coke floats before dinner and they were absolutely delicious! the bison nachos was by far the best nachos i've had. the chips were evenly coated with the nachos and toppings and it was the first nachos we finished without having to leave behind. the bison burgers are worth trying, they are less greasy than your traditionally beef burgers and they were also juicy and not dry, as you would expect since bison is leaner than beef. i came here recently for a work luncheon and was very impressed! the inside of ted's has a comfortable rustic feel. we were sat immediately and were served complimentary yummy pickles to munch on as we checked out the menu. i ordered a sweet tea to start that was very tasty and refreshing. for my meal i ordered a beef burger topped with jalapeos, egg, bacon, blackberry jam, and cheddar cheese. wow! this was a very enjoyable combination of sweet and spicy flavors. a few days after dining here i actually attempted to make these burgers at home. they came out pretty good but ted's are much better. i look forward to bringing my fianc here to try out the burgers! i don't care that it's a chain, i have never had a disappointing meal here. from their water, to their decor, to the service...it's always excellent. their onion rings are out of this world. i would come back just for these salt and pepper babies. i also love that they offer bison or regular beef for their burgers and sliders. their dressings are homemade and the salads are so fresh! they have an excellent cocktail selection. the margaritas are freshly squeezed and they even made me a virgin one the last time i went! i love that they bring pickles to the table and are not afraid to keep them coming! it's cozy yet beautiful and is a great place to enjoy an intimate meal or one with a large group! i'm done with this place. i used to go here frequently and we considered this our "go to" destination. every time we try to eat here for the past year they are always short on staff and have empty tables yet they give you a 20-45 min wait each time. so, this was our last time here. so disorganized and unprepared. waited over an hour after was told 45 minutes. there were at of tables open but looked short staffed my boyfriend and i went here for an early dinner this evening around 4:30. there were very few tables that were occupied. the restaurant was very elegant and the lights were dimmed. it was very nice inside. the staff were dressed in white button down and black pants.. classy to say the least. we had great service from our waitress. while we waited for our food, pickles were served to us to hold us over. a different kind of appetizer, but very good! our food came out relatively fast. the prices were very reasonable. this is the perfect place for a date night or with family. it seems as the restaurant is upscale, so i would say there is a dress code of business casual. we both got the garden salad with their vinegarette dressing, which was good. we then split the bison nachos... which i highly recommend! they were $8 and although they weren't stacked up high, they had the perfect toppings on them! my boyfriend got the bacon burger and i tried a bite and it was delicious!! honestly, it was probably the best bacon i have ever had. my boyfriend said hands down that that was the best burger he has ever had. so well done teds! arrived for dinner at 6:30 pm on september 3, 2017. tables filled to about 50% capacity. bar at 100% capacity. terrible experience. issue #1 - bottled beer served at room temperature. not sure how that happened but i'm non-confrontational so i dealt with it. issue #2 - ordered delmonico ribeye with choice of 2 sides - i picked mashed potatoes and onion rings. ... twenty minutes later, server came by to say mashed potatoes were not going to be ready for another half-hour so i was asked to make a different selection. my wife (entree meatloaf) was also forced to choose again with her side. we both chose a baked potato. ... five minutes later, server returned to say only one baked potato was available. so, as the gentleman, i conceded the lone baked potato to my wife and had to go with the only potato left as an option (french fries). ... five minutes later, i kid you not, server arrived with my steak and 12 french fries (yes, it was so shocking i actually counted a total of 12 french fries) and i was told, "so sorry, onion rings will be ready in 5 minutes." sure enough, the rest of my meal arrived 5 minutes later. so weird to get piece-mealed in this manner (spelling mistake and pun intended). obviously, they were out of everything back in the kitchen. my steak was very average, though in fairness, my judgement may have been clouded by everything that led up to that point. as unbiased as i can be, i'd say it was about on par with outback steakhouse, which is less expensive. my wife loved and raved about her meatloaf but said the baked potato was one of the worst she ever had in a restaurant of this price level.my two kids seemed to enjoy their kids meals, ate everything on their plates, and offered no complaints.i was a little surprised there was no dinner bread here. (again, using outback as a barometer of average, even outback serves dinner bread.) and again, in interest of full disclosure, maybe ted's does offer dinner bread? maybe they were all out of bread like they were all out of every side on the menu?final analysis: really bad experience. i have to believe this isn't the norm. there had to be some explanation. too many employees called in sick that night? kitchen equipment broke down? there's no way a restaurant could be open for as long as ted's if this was the daily experience. so take this review for what it is - just one bad experience.food, two alcoholic beverages, and tip came to $92. not even close to worth it. i literally felt like i was getting robbed as i paid the bill. i've been looking forward to a dinner at ted's for many years and i was happy when i finally had the chance to check the place out. it was full of people very early into the dinner time hours so obviously it has great word of mouth and many repeat visitors- that was a good sign. we walked in right at 5:00 p.m. and there was already a 10 minute wait on a saturday evening.i opted for a buffalo burger and my companion got a beef burger. both were well dressed and tasty, cooked well and a decent portion. i opted for onion rings which were salt and pepper battered and cooked very well, they were actually among the best onion rings we have ever had because the onions were not too thick and were cooked all the way through and the batter was not too heavy or oily. the fries were also good. the house-made pickles that are brought to the table are also a nice touch for the pickle lover in me!we aren't in a rush to go back because it wasn't jaw-dropping stellar and the prices were as high as those you might find in a west hartford eatery like max burger, but we did appreciate the fresh meat from a known source and the good customer service.  we had no complaints, we just weren't blown away enough to beat back the huge crowds to go there again any time soon. given the opportunity and patience to dine there (i hear the wait can be almost two hours on weekends) i am sure you won't be disappointed. stopped by for a quick lunch this past weekend. the service was very good. i ordered the big sky chicken salad and my husband ordered the bison burger. both meals were very good. i had no idea what to expect when my wife and i decided on a last-minute lunch at montana grill in east windsor. we were both pleasantly surprised at the level of service, warm atmosphere, and quality of the food.we shared a bowl of their mexican chicken tortilla soup, which was both hearty and light, and quite tasty. my wife had a bacon cheeseburger and i had their # 11, which was a bison burger with cheese and fried onion straws, topped with a slice of super tender pot roast. both burgers were cooked perfectly.the fried are hand-cut and were delicious. we had their apple pecan crisp for dessert, which was more than enough for two.now that johnny rockets has closed, i think ted;s montana grill will be our new go-to place at evergreen walk! not my first time and i was just not impressed either time i went. it isn't bad but it isn't great either. for the prices you pay i want great. the place is pretty loud and we were in a corner not in the middle. nice seating but very uncomfortable chairs at the tables. our waiter "rick" or "rich" was great. he came around enough where we didn't have to wait for anything, but not too much where he was annoying. there were 6 in our party, we had, steak, meatloaf and fish. the steaks were great, the crusted trout was very good, the bison meatloaf was very bland. mine was cold and the other two were hot, so i guess mine wasn't under the light! the biggest thing were the sides they were not just ehhh some were actually pretty bad. the squash casserole was mostly bread and had no flavor, the kale with some kind of sauce on it was so bad my daughter in law didn't want to eat it. my husband had the chilli and said it was very bland and tasted powdery like chillie powder. i wouldn't say it was a bad place but i don't think it's worth the money. i would stick to steak and the plain veggies, nothing mixed up like casseroles or meatloaf. better places to spend that much money. okay but did not exceed expectations. food: we ordered avalon burger with half onion rings and half fries, and knife and fork chili burger with squash casserole side. avalon was good and satisfying but kinda weird that it was super salty for some parts and super blue cheesy in some bites. knife and fork would have been better with some sort of vegetable; definitely on the salty side for my taste. both were more overlooked than asked which was medium. ask for replacement of side if you don't want the default of fries with your burger! location: parking is a plus. located in evergreen which is a nice dinner place for dates or to take friends to hang out/walk around. service: seated right away. booth may require waiting but definitely get it if you can for privacy and ambiance. polite and friendly staff. took too long to get the food. don't come here if you're starving and need food asap. would have made the wait easier if bread is offered on the house? i do like their environmentally friendly features consistent throughout restaurant including the recyclable paper straws, powder hand soap in bathroom, etc. i really love this chain. always great quality and service. my favs here are the delmonico ribeye and the burgers and onion rings are awesome. the onion rings are definitely freshly made and huge! i love the pickles they put on the table and for an app, i like the homemade chips with ranch dip. the dip is awesome! i've also tried the bison nachos which aren't bad- my first intro to bison. they make these yeasty rolls that come with entres that are almost like parker house rolls. i wish they would just serve these on the table when you come in because they are so good! on my last visit i tried the wildberry cheesecake which was way better than i expected! if you're looking for dinner in the south windsor or hartford area, i really do think ted's is a solid choice! upscale but won't break the bank! yeah! pleasantly surprised by the food. i knew this place was a chain going in, and especially being in mallville, ct, expectations were low. i was expecting outback plus, and it was closer to smith and wollensky minus. but the service was lacking, even though they weren't very busy. however my bison bacon and blue burger was delicious, and everything was fresh and well prepared. one of my favorite places to ever exist! the food is excellent and the atmosphere is so warm and home like. definitely feels like i'm in the west! everything is reasonably priced and there is a variety of options. i really love this place & i recommend it to everyone. i drive 2 hours from ny for this location! as far as evergreen walk eateries go, ted's is always a good standby when you're hangry from shopping. while it isn't the most creative fare, you know you'll end up with a tasty, hearty meal at a decent price. and sometimes that's really all i'm looking for. service is always good at this location and i'm a fan of the bison chili and the green & hot burger with pepper jack, grilled jalapeo, guacamole, and chipotle ranch. i actually got a salad on my last visit and it was surprisingly great (other than the fact that i'm the jerk who ordered a salad at a burger place) - the farmhouse with kale, romaine, roasted chicken, cucumber, tomato, gruyre, bacon, roasted corn and pecans, basil & lemon vinaigrette. a total win as far as salads go. skip the bison nachos - there's never enough cheese and dry chips are just sad. love the booths - keeps the noise under control. waitress was okay - did her job but didn't seem to really care. food was good and plentiful. my only major complaint is the silverware! the forks are the size of serving pieces! generally i will choose something other than chain restaurants when i can, with a handful of exceptions, and ted's is one of those exceptions. the menu, although burger-centric, offers something for everyone. i really like the chopped salad, and appreciate that you can get a half order as a side instead of fries; with none of the "up-charge" that seems to be so prevalent these days. the burgers are consistently excellent, and i've had a steak a time or two and also enjoyed those. i don't think i've every had a bad experience. i travel a lot for work, and there are ted's across the country, and i know i can always get a good meal there; it's also a reasonably priced place for a casual family or work dinner.	1	0	1	1	1
 my coworkers and i all wanted some lunch. we ordered the sesame chicken lunch, the chicken and broccoli, and a side of pork fried rice. they were very polite on the phone, and it was a lightning fast delivery. the entire order was correct. the price wasn't too expensive. my coworkers and i felt that the food was great. it came very hot, and delicious. i would definitely recommend this restaurant for delivery. this is one of my favorite places to order chinese food from. their steamed dumplings are to die for and the portions are generous for the price. it's also incredibly fast delivery and you can easily order online. the only con about them is their general tso's is not really that great compared to other restaurants. most of their food is so delicious though. food was decent by all means, but man, i can only generously give three stars.my food is done. i can see it sitting in front of me, in a bag, ready to be taken out. i have paid. i was just patiently and courteously waiting for it to be handed to me, lest i rudely reach over the counter and grab it before walking out silently.she just... went about the kitchen doing other things! for at least three minutes! preparing other orders, cooking food, answering a phone call... i was invisible as my mouth watered for... whatever the hell it was i ordered.i mean, she's a sweet young lady, but come on, please hand me my food! hangry attack! though the delivery time was just over an hour on a wednesday night, if you plan ahead it's totally fine. i ordered the vegetable dumplings, broccoli and garlic sauce, and sugar donuts. the dumplings were very, very doughy and the filling was indiscernible. dipping sauce was great, and saved my dumpling experience but i can't say i'd order these again. however, if you prefer doughy dumplings, the portion size is great. the broccoli and garlic sauce came with a pint of white rice, and both were good. i would definitely suggest extra rice because again, the broccoli portion size did not disappoint and i could have used twice as much rice. the sugar donuts were light and fluffy and a great way to end the meal, and, you guessed it, portion size was larger than expected. all in all, the food was not spectacular but the value definitely was. i'd order the broccoli and garlic sauce again with the sugar donuts, and extra rice or maybe some fried rice as well. decent food, great value for the amount you receive. food is pretty decent. i had the general tsaos combination and boneless spare ribs. i noted that i wanted "spicy" for the general tsao's... my qualm is it wasn't spicy whatsoever. also the spare ribs do have a hint of fish oil too that is prevalent. i ordered online via yelp eat24 which is awesome and super convenient. delivery was within about 40-45 minutes on a friday afternoon.looking forward to trying some of the other menu items next go around. on valentine's day, we ordered $42 worth of food for pick up for just us two. we called ahead of time and they said around 15-20 minutes, we ended up waiting when we got there which was a downer given one criteria for chinese take out food is quick service. ordered: crab rangoons, sweet and sour chicken, house chow fun, seafood delight, beef with eggplant and garlic sauce. since it's over $40, free general tsos chicken! food: good amount of food loaded in each plate of food. as usual, utensils and fortune cookies are included. their eggplant with garlic sauce was the bomb. crab rangoons could have been better. since we only saw one cook there, it could have been the reason for why our food was cold for certain plates, this is understandable. they only had 1 cook, 1 front desk, and 1 delivery person working there. maybe a backup person could have helped since the delivery man and lady was taking turns with phones and helping with food packing. deals: make sure to look at the back of the menu deals. for $40 or more, you get an order of genera tsos chicken. i believe for $30 or more, it was free crab rangoons. they did have something for $20 or more as well. environment: purple lilac walls. bigger than expected. more seating than you'd expect for a chinese take out place. has a special looking seating area with booth like seating. overall, satisfied with food quality, flavor, quantity, and price. could improve on timeliness. after much reading and searching looking for awesome boneless ribs i decided to try manchester chinese cuisine. the bonless ribs were awesome. they did not have sweet, syrupy sauce dripping off of them as i have tyically found in ct. they were cooked perfectly, nice meaty pieces and had good flavor. i also ordered an appetizer of dim sum. they were similar to dumplings but open on the top. thye were also delicious. i know they are not real dim sum as there is no one food that is dim sum but they were tasty and a nice alternative to dumplings. i definitely recommend trying these. i ordered on line and it was ready when i arrived. manchester chinese cuisine will definitely be one of my go to places for a quick dinner and i would order both dishes again as well as try some different dishes. this was my first time ordering through yelp (eat24) and the process couldn't have been easier! ordered the sesame chicken and beef teriyaki. while the beef had a little bit of a taste of fish sauce, no big deal, everything was seasoned well and cooked perfectly. the chicken wasn't over sauced like some places and the pork fried rice was well done. delivery time was right on time (35 minutes from order placement) and on point and the restaurant called to confirm my apartment number. would definitely order from again! stopped by on my way to xfinity theatre for a concert and was pleasantly surprised. the best crab rangoon that i've ever had, especially for the price. large portions and good quality for super low prices. pork fried rice, crab rangoon, and general's chicken for $22. cheap chinese girl got her chinese junk food fix! customer service is great! both over the phone and the delivery persons. they can see your address when you call and whenever it's been a while since the last time i called, they're always like, "hey! how are you?!" and seem so happy to hear from me. same for the delivery person - so nice and personable. and you really can't beat the food - in my opinion, it's the best around. been to quite a few chinese places that have essentially the same menu but this place is well below average in terms of food quality. the beef teriyaki sticks were like eating leather. no flavor to the chicken rice soup. the only thing edible was the boneless spare ribs and pork fried rice but both were pretty average in my opinion. i'm definitely gong elsewhere next time i want chinese food. the food here is great! i order their cashew chicken and sweet and sour chicken all of the time. but, i am not a fan of their hot and sour soup; too much broth and not enough ingredients. this is my go to chinese takeout. the service here is superb. the restaurant appeared to be clean. staff was friendly. it was my first time ordering from this location and i ordered take out. i purchased wonton soup, beef teriyaki, chicken wings & fries, and boneless spare ribs with fried rice and an egg roll. i didn't care for the beef teriyaki it was cooked well, but the flavor was off. the egg roll was good and not greasy in the least bit. the pint of wonton was only $1.69 and it was delicious. i would be willing to return and try what else they have to offer. we enjoyed our first visit. orders the chicken fingers meal, shrimp lo mien, crab rangoons and won ton soup. this will be our new spot. my husband and i are new to the area. we ordered from here on a whim. we were initially impressed with the fresh flavor, quality of the meal and value. we had so much food for under $30. after that we're happy with the consistency. it's always so good. once my beef teriyaki tasted almost soapy...? kitchen disaster? anyway. i'm still loving it enough for 5 stars. their website is easy to use. enjoy. ordered directly from this site - a huge plus and added star for it.most everything was good - not great but good, fresh, delicious and eaten up happily.egg rolls delish, my husband loved them. i thought pretty good - not my favorites but not at all bad. shell a little dense.crab rangoon didn't have a sliver of crab or even taste like crab. is the name a joke? i can't tell because it was sweet as was the sauce that came with it. maybe it's a ha ha crab rangoon. anyway, not bad but not in the least crab-bish.wanton soup not very flavorful or redolent of a meat broth. normally i'd keep leftover wanton broth to add to leftover rice but in this case, i didn't because it tasted rather odd. but had plenty of wantons that were quite tasty. didn't love the egg foo young but didn't hate it either...wouldn't order it here again. it had an odd texture - like it wasn't sufficently cooked but i checked and it was completely cooked. not many shrimp. gravy was very very good. husband had the house special fried rice and i was impressed - there were big hunks of big broccoli, which is good for you! but, not many big hunks of protein to warrant price. he liked it though.so this is a good place. food is fresh. i'd try other things besides what we ordered, maybe read the reviews first and see if there's a consensus on good items and try those. hey, we all have specialties. definitely worth a second try. my first time ordering from this restaurant. i am always wary about ordering from new chinese restaurants. you will not be disappointed. i got the orange chicken and boneless spare ribs. this will be my new go-to. decided to give this place a try (yesterday) because the pictures here on yelp look very delicious. the order (delivery) included the boneless spare ribs with fried rice and the won ton soup with egg rolls. delivery was quick (under 20 minutes) and free of charge. still tipped the guy $5 bucks, and so should you cheap ass! boneless spare ribs were absolutely delicious. saucy, perfectly cooked, and greatly complemented with the rice. the soup was 4/5. the broth was somewhat tasteless but everything in it was delicious. the egg rolls were perfect. overall, great experience and considering ordering the ribs again!! never and i mean never will i call them again i love food and this place to freakin just gross i've tried 3x before leaving a review and i signed up to yelp just to make sure i could bash this sorry excuse for a restaurant and i would have to think anyone giving this place a good review is either planted or paid or has no idea what good food taste like but never will i call this joke again ......piss poor best chinese food i have had in over 10 years i had the boneless spare rib combo platter and steamed dumplings bomb!!!!! okay mostly american chinese food. ordered delivery for late night dinner. i liked that they chow fun as option. i order the chow fun but it was little bland for my taste.  my son liked his general tso's chicken. the crab rangoon were just okay, too much cheese not enough crab and too sweet. egg rolls were good. all the dishes were fine expect the wontons in szechuan sauce. in most cases the wontons are boiled or steamed, this order came with fried wonton drenched in the sauce. not sure why the wontons needed to be fried. other than that it was fine, nothing exceptional. best chinese takeout in manchester. i wouldn't say it's cheap, but you get your money's worth. with a combination plate i usually have a little left over for later. decor isn't much but takeout orders are usually quick, and they also deliver. never had a bad experience here. this place is fantastic! i ordered sweet and sour chicken and general tsos chicken, dumplings, and crab rangoons. my order was made fresh, and delivered within 45 mins. generous portions and tastes delicious! ordered for the first time & used eat24, super easy to do! the food arrived in an hour and was your standard fare. really large portions and the dinners include fried rice & and egg roll. i ordered generals tsos and the broccoli with brown sauce, and egg rolls. great for takeout, i'd order again! order one sushi roll from one place.. and ordered from here for my "main course".. that's right. that's how i do. ;)service was extremely fast and driver was polite. prices are low. $7.95 for my general tsos dinner combo.. not bad. flavor was good but first bite of chicken i got a piece of fat/bone/something hard that i had to spit out... set the wrong tone.. but everything past that was fine. fiance got the boneless spare ribs meal they were overly sweet for me.. but i'm picky.. as you can tell on my reviews ;)she liked them. tonight i got hot and sour soup, steamed wontons in garlic sauce, and singapore chow fun. everything was fantastic, especially the soup which is a big plus for me. it was all shockingly affordable as well- great spot. avoid like the plague!we wanted delivery tonight and tried this place based on other reviews. we ordered online which told us an approximate thirty minute wait time. one phone call and an hour later the food arrived. my husband's boneless spare ribs were good, but my whole order sucked. shrimp fried rice was tasteless and disgusting with mushy shrimp- and no veggies except a few pieces of onion. crab rangoon tasted old, a little hard. spring rolls were all cabbage, no other veggies. i could have made a better dinner for half the cost. horrid ruined dinner. delivery is pompt and courteous food is done better than typical don't skimp on sides and extras. star rating reflects based on other similar places. i work nearby this outstanding chinese food place and eat there regularly. the food has never disappointed me, and i am often disappointed by food quality, as i've worked in high end restaurants for 7 years before moving to ct. for a chinese food place, this is top notch. the staff are all friendly and i always get into conversations every time i go in. order gen suos! tasty every time. this is my first positive yelp review so trust me, if you're looking for more than your money's worth, go here. by far the best chinese restaurant in manchester, bolton and coventry!!!! there food is delicious, prices are good! love love love the lady that answers the phone. always follows up with a call to ensure everything was good! so happy we found you my friend. oh and they deliver to bolton!!	1	1	1	0	0
 i'm driving through hartford carrying a boat so i skip downtown. i pull off.on east hartford for a pho place that is closed for a month. where to eat? i had passed a pizza hut, taco bell, and a pizza place next to the taco bell. there was this small sign for bbq i passed but the place looked dingy. i whipped out help - hunh...thay bbq has 4.5 stars with 73 reviews. not bad for an aging strip being overtaken by fast food and parking lots.then you step in and are hit with some legitimate aromas off the grill. i think i saw ribs getting warmed up, slathered with sauce. it boxes well. the guy shuffling the meat around the grill told me to get the reggae chicken. 'irie mon' (thought not said).boom. that first bite. what just happened? bbq sauce hit me with a left punch while jerk flavors were holding me down! the meat was tender, juicy. true, i pulled off some skin that was soggy and fatty, but aside from half a drumstick i cleaned a plate, including the rice and beans (so good) and steamed vegetables (slightly vinegary cabbage that soothed the tongue). i washed it down with a sugary aloe milk and mango drink.do everything above, and you'll be pleased. best of all, i asked about the reggae sauce and if you could by. ms. sonia filled me up a bottle on the spot because they had sold out. not surprised. i'll be back on my next trip through! these kids know what their doing! i could eat the jerk chicken all day long! the rice n beans and the steamed cabbage are spot on! true jamaican food without the airfare! decided to get a quick lunch while i was in eh running errands. i was prompted greated by the lady behind the counter and she took my order. very polite and nice. this is a nice little place located right on the main drag. there isn't much parking so i utilized the side street, adjacent to the building.i ordered the 1/2 jerk chicken dinner along with a meat patty as well. (i just had to having something i could munch on the way back to work) the meat patty was great and had a lot of flavor with a good kick to it. the jerky chicken is spiced very well but unfortunately it was realllllly dry, ike beef jerky dry almost. i only had 1 pc in there that wasn't dry and was just a tad moist, which was very good. hence the 3 stars. i'm hoping it was/is just an off day because i see a lot of really good reviews on here and would like to frequent here more often.good place and i'm likely to give it another shot. hopefully i can update this in the future with more stars and commentary. i would recommend checking this place out. my hubs knows the way to my heart. after a rough day at work, he picked up something i hadn't tried before (!) for dinner, and carl's was a great choice.i will admit, i have not had much caribbean food in my life, but i loved our dishes. the reggae ribs were so juicy and delicious. they are definitely some of the best ribs i've ever had. the jerk chicken was also good; great flavor with a bit of kick. i even liked the rice with beans, which was a generous portion, so i split it into a few meals. the rice helped me relive some of the delicious flavors of that weekday night. i truly cannot wait to come back and try some more of carl's dishes. stopped on a road trip so tried the jerk chicken sandwich instead of a dinner - sooooo good, nice and spicy!!! the flavor gods must have blessed this place because the jerk is out of this world! i got the chicken and pork combo. both were incredibly flavorful. the chicken was the best though...so tender and flavorful througg and through. the pork was a little more dry but delicious nonetheless. the cabbage side was slightly sweet and a perfect accompaniment to the spiciness of the jerk. the rice and beans were delicious too. and the portions were huge. enough for dinner, and two lunches. finally, the service was friendly. now, i wouldn't say the interior design gods have graced carl's, but the food makes up for it (really...don't plan on eating inside. though carl's and carl's patrons were very nice during the wait)! this is the divey kind of hidden gem that yelp should really give credit.btw they do accept credit and the prices are extremely reasonable. five stars for a hole in the wall jerk joint? absolutely. the jerk chicken reggae style was zippy, smokey, tender, and super moist. fell off the bone. nice heat...clears those allergy problems but doesn't overwhelm the balance of flavors. rice good. super friendly and helpful staff. the cabbage was terrific. small place with three booths so probably best to get it to go. i love this place!!! i frequent this place quite often and have never had an issue with anything or anyone. they have all been very nice with each visit wonderful, just wonderful. the pork in my jerk pork sandwich was tender, moist, and bursting with all the peppy jerk spices that you could want. the sandwich was well-proportioned too - the veggies were not inconsequential. this, plus a big pile of more subtly-flavored but addictive rice and a cup of slaw, was only $7... and cards were accepted. i have a feeling that most of my coworkers in hartford probably don't know about carl's; i'll have to spread the word. this place epitomizes the low-key, hole-in-the-wall joint that explodes forth with amazing food at an excellent price.  they know and love what they are doing. this is the kind of place that yelp is all about. a hole in the wall that you would otherwise never even step inside. i was in the area and saw the favorable reviews on yelp. i am not very experience with caribeam food. the owner/cook introduced herself and i decided on the jerk pork dinner. i asked her to select sides as to what she thought was best. the dinner and a 20 oz soda was $15. the pork was a little to fatty for my taste and i ended up having to spend some time trimming it. the jerk sauce was to die for and you could probably serve it on cardboard and get great reviews. rice & beans were very good. i would have chosen fries instead but that does not really fit the nature of the meal. the other side was some sought of cabbage thing. tasty, but i will pick another side next time.can't wait to go back and try the chicken. 5 stars is really a stretch i know. it is a 4 star with a 1 star bonus for its unique atmosphere. may the yelp be with you.rob food was very flavorful and it was a great value. kind of a hole in the wall type of atmosphere but i enjoy supporting small business owners. wonderful value for the price i paid. defintely felt like i received a decent amount of food for the money. service could use a bit of work as the individual working the register was also trying to handle the phone orders and help out in the kitchen. i will be returning!!! taste of the food was great. so yesterday 7/19/17 i was finishing a review on my favorite chinese and saw reviews for carl's. just from reading the reviews and seeing the pictures i had to try it. per the reviews i parked on the side street and when i got out of my car the aroma hit and my mouth started watering. i walked into the liquor store and realized that it was the next door down. i stepped into the small area and was greeted before i had the door closed. per the reviews i knew the place was going to be small and outdated but also very clean. i ordered the chicken rib combo and a couple of beef patties. i placed my order went across the street and filled my tank and went back and my order was being bagged. my 6 minute drive home was torture as they had tied the bad and the aroma was driving me crazy. i made two plates from the combo which i had ordered reggae style( again based on reviews) the flavors were out of this world my husband and i both cleaned our plates and shared a beef patty which was spicy and oh so good. the combo was less than 16 dollars and filled us both. so glad i read the reviews as i would have driven past and not stopped.. to say the food is awesome is an understatement. i can not wait to go back and have more of those meaty ribs and sauce. this place is not a sit down eatery but a take home and devour be messy and happy.. take the time to try it- you will not be sorry.. this is the longest review i have ever done but still does do do the place justice carl's serves up the best jerk chicken in ct...hands down!!! i usually opt for the reggae chicken white meat only, cabbage, and rice with gravy on top. the chicken is deliciously juicy and full of flavor. the reggae sauce (comprised of carl's homemade jerk sauce and bbq sauce) is like icing on the cake. it's the perfect combination of tangy, spice, and bbq.most jamaican places don't offer white meat so carl's deserves extra stars for that alone.the side dishes are very tasty too. the rice is perfect and the cabbage is prepared nicely.i've also tried the jerk wings and jerk chicken patty. they were also very good. you really can't go wrong with anything from carl's.this is the kind of restaurant you root for. it's a husband and wife run business. the owners are super friendly, extremely humble and amazingly gracious. you'll eat the food and wish that all jerk chicken was this good"! it's mostly a takeout restaurant but there is some limited seating (around 4 or 5 tables).definitely check it out! great food, great people. the aromas make it hard to choose. everything looks great. i had curry chicken it was fabulous. if you come, try something new each time. the place is small (only like 4 or 5 booths i think) and in the summertime is quite warm (pro tip: if you sit at the booth across from the drink machine you can catch breeze coming from its vent). english is not their first language but they are friendly enough. that said, the food is authentic and delicious and fairly priced. i highly, highly recommend the reggae wings. whole in the wall restaurant with big flavor! the portions are sized well and they don't skimp on the sauces. parking is odd but hardly a complaint. awesome, awesome, awesome. carl's has definitely become my go to for jamaican food in the area. the outside and interior exude a hole in the wall appearance which is exactly what it is. but it's so good. upon entering you'll see a few tables to the left if you so choose to eat there. whenever i've been it's been pretty busy with a short line, but don't get discouraged as they get through everyone pretty quickly and your food is out soon after. everyone, including the customers are very friendly and love to talk about how good the food is. i'm usually a wimp when it comes to spicy things so i always get the bbq chicken. the sauce is amazing and the chicken is always flavorful and moist. this skin has a nice flavor and char as well. the rice and beans are some of the best i've had, super yummy. prices are great for the portions they give you and a small is always more than enough for my lunch! great jerk sandwiches and platters. small unassuming place with great service and incredible food. if you order a combo plate, you will most likely have leftovers. the portion sizes are huge. so enormous that the weight of your food will buckle the box it is so carefully placed in. for the cost to portion ratio this place is stellar. onward to food. if you're going to go to a jamaican and jerk restaurant, you have to order it as was made to be. well, you don't, but i did to try to go with the local tips and authenticity. ordered a "reggae style" dinner combo of chicken- half bbq and half jerk. let me just say, the chicken was delicious. the jerk was packed full of smoky, spicy, earthy seasonings and i felt like i was straight up on a bench in jamaica at a backyard family party. the bbq was good, but nothing as stellar as the jerk. rice and a cooked cabbage slaw of sorts is served with the combo. believe me, with all of the food you have you'll ask yourself, "why so much rice and beans?" you'll quickly find that your mouth will enjoy a little break every now and then. the chicken was mostly tender and juicy, aside from one overcooked piece that was a bit dry... speaking of, i also ordered a beef patty. the meat was well seasoned, but the overall patty was dried out, and burnt on the bottom. now, in all fairness they offered these at half price. however, if they're that bad, i just wouldn't have bothered selling them, because now i'm wary to try them again. so it goes... all in all, this little hole in the wall place is pretty great. especially considering there aren't many jerk places around. down home feel, with the nicest people you could be getting served by. i'll likely go back to try their other specialties. absolutely delicious! the jerk chicken is nice and spicy. i love the rice & peas, i'm getting extra next time. portions are ample (will have leftovers) located within a convenient distance from goodwin college, i stopped in this quaint local establishment for lunch recently. i ordered the reggae chicken with rice and beans; the lunch portion, and was blown away by the quality of the poultry as well as the obvious love and heart that went into the dish. i will absolutely be stopping here for lunch more often. the serving sizes were enormous and the option to have all white meat for 1.50 extra was a great added feature of the menu. five stars. i found this place on yelp and i work nearby. vivian behind the counter told me they have been there for 14 years. i'm now huge fan. had a half jerk chicken with a side of vegetables, rice and beans covered with jerk shredded pork. this place is amazing and a hidden gem. and the great part about it is all the customers in there were friendly and funny. nice job carl and the ladies, going to shake your hand at some point! wonderful food, nice people, portions were awesome, will def be back to this great place. this was a neighborhood mom and pop type restaurant. no frills but nice authentic tasty meals from the motherland. no waiter service. takeout or order at the counter and sit down and enjoy. two lovely women took our order and cooked the meals. they were very friendly and personable. perfectly done jerk chicken, tons of flavor and a little bit of heat. they have the flavors down to a science, as well as the bbq technique. it just doesn't get any better (although, anthony's in manchester comes pretty darn close). the staff was very friendly, smiles all around.update: they still get 5 stars, but the jerk pork was underwhelming. their pork is extremely fatty and a little tough. i'll stick with the jerk chicken, which is amazing. wow!!!  had the jerk chicken and reggae chicken lunches and could have easily shared one meal. fall off the bone chicken with just the right among if spice and flavor.  generous portions of red beans and rice along with the cabbage.  everything was served hot.  keep in mind this little hole-in-the-wall is not your fine dining and you order from the counter.  we actually told sophia our order through the pass through window.  it's small and crowded so don't expect to find seating during the lunch rush hour.  parking allows for maybe 3-4 cars but you can park along the street.  the food is worth any minor inconvenience. have been going to carls for a few years now. the food is always excellent. the jerk chicken has become a staple in my diet. if your in the area stop in. you will love it. parking can be dicey. only a few spots in front. park on side road. stew chicken is my favorite! so tender and flavorful, it's served over peas & rice..reggae chicken is an amazing jerk chicken that's then sauced and bbq'd, a must as is the superb oxtail. the portions are huge and price is right. carl's bbq'd hooks up a huge plate of outstanding jamaican food!! the food and staff was amazing!!! the food is flavorful and cooked to perfection!! you get a sense of welcome as soon as you come in. the cook in the meat was like no other! the smokiness and grilled flavor of the meat was awesome, i have nothing negative to say. this will definitely be my go to caribbean restaurant. best jerked chicken i've had. nothing fancy but great food. rice and cabbage sides are great also. wife and i can split the large dinner that's only 11 bucks. good deal.	1	0	0	0	0
 we go back again and again for the fresh spring rolls and tofu/veggie pad thai! their curry dishes are also delicious. our family frequently stops here on road trips through ct. it's nothing spectacular, but solid, reliably good thai food. my son loves their pad see eew, which is quite a complement as he orders it at every thai restaurant and considers simply thai's version the best. the beef pho, while different from traditional vietnamese, is huge and tasty - the beef is too well done and sliced too thick. the pad thai is also solid. quiet quaint thai restaurant located in what was the vernon post office and then my beloved lotus vietnamese (oh i miss you pancake and hot and spicy soup). tiger tears salad is phenomenal with it's hint of fish sauce. my standby pad see ew is hearty and good with sweet and salty notes. service wonderful. i arrived at simply thai early evening after spending a very snowy day in what i consider the great north. a lot of the restaurants in the area closed early after receiving over 16 inches of snow in less than 12 hours so finding this restaurant open made me very happy. i love thai food and just the thought of indulging in some amazing thai hot cuisine warmed my half frozen body. as expected with the weather conditions i found the restaurant void of any customers when i walked through the door, the hostess who also doubled as my server was very friendly and welcomed me inside the dining area. after ordering an iced tea anticipating i was going to need something cold and refreshing to combat the immense heat from my entre i reviewed the selections from the menu. i decided on a bowl of fiery tom yum soup to start, the flavor were intense but not nearly what i had hoped for in terms of spiciness but the temperature completely thawed me out and i was ready for my pad thai shrimp entre which took a little longer to arrive than i had thought since only one other customer was seated in the dining area since my arrival and only two take out orders were picked up. finally my food arrived, it was such a beautiful plate, filled with lots of colors and textures just as i expected, after a few bites my server checked in asking my opinion it was perfect except it wasn't close to the the level of heat i had requested or expected. she quickly returned with a selection of oils and spices, although i had preferred this had been taken care of in the kitchen it worked well and greatly improved the flavor and brought the heat up several more levels, so i suggest ordering everything hot is you like to feel the fire i'm not confident the kitchen will ever elevate it to thai hot even when requested but it worked out. i definitely enjoyed my choices for dinner here and hope to return when i'm back in the area. i've been here twice now and both times were pretty mediocre. my husband always gets some type of curry, and both times said it wasn't flavorful. my meals also weren't memorable. service was a bit slow, but the waitress was friendly. it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great. been here twice so far, was not happy with the food nor the service when we dined in the first time (for lunch). we tried the veg pad thai n red curry, the pad thai had fewer veggies and was under flavor! the red curry was ok, again fewer veggies!the second time we were here with couple of friends for dinner (as per a friend's choice). this time we tried the hot n sour veg soup n pineapple fried rice(it has shrimp n chicken by default) veg version. both dishes were good had good flavors n good quantity. they actually screwed up the pineapple fried rice but fixed it, it had good amount of pineapple chunks n other veggies n egg too n tasted yummy!nothing fancy with the decor, simple ambience and a decent size dinning space!my overall rating is 3.5 stars!!! hubby found this place very quickly so that i wouldn't go hungry. it turned out yummy! hubby's so tired from driving so we wanted to make a quick dinner, enter, eat and go. i had seafood prid khing and hubby had pad thai. omg, can i stay over? the food was amazing and i'm not kidding! definitely will come back here when we do our next road trip up north. hubby made sure i noted down the address and info plus contact number. i should have taken the name of the chef too but i forgot. my seafood dish was perfect. the seafood was fresh and the ginger sauce (prid khing's sauce) was delicious. they were generous with the seafood too. my plate had big mussels, shrimp, squid, and string beans. i also tried hubby's pad thai. i would recommend that too. we never forget the spice rack, always ask for it to enjoy the asian experience. the restaurant is beautiful from the outside. it's calling us from the inside. it's like walking into a gallery. it's not a trick when inside is better as well. nice ambience, nice decor, nice people, nice staff, nice service and extremely nice thai food! from my perspective the food here is authentic and i encourage locals to visit and don't take it for granted. too bad we live in ny, otherwise would visit often. hope to come back soon! here is a big blunder...i always hated service here but food generally good. i order one masaman curry with tofu with spice level 4. when server got the dish, just for my satisfaction, i confirmed with him that is it tofu in my dish and he confirmed it is tofu.i ate my first bite of tofu, i immediately found out tht it is not tofu but something else.i asked my friend to try and he also thought it is chicken. when i called server one more time, she immediately confirmed tht it is chicken.. being a strict vegetarian, this is really not acceptable to me. i would strictly suggest my vegetarian friends to avoid this place.literally 0 star for food and -10 to service. we walked from hotel to the restaurant it take us just 5 minutes. good is awesome and great service. we're definitely go back again to try out new items thank you! hands down, the best thai place in the area. you will be hard pressed to find better pad thai or curries anywhere! we've been here a bunch of times and have gotten take out. although thai is always better fresh (the rice noodles tend to absorb the sauce quickly) it was still amazing when we brought it home! the waitstaff is extremely friendly, helpful, and attentive. the prices are extremely reasonable and they have great lunch specials! everything is made fresh to order, so if you have a special request (like leaving out the bean sprouts) they are happy to accommodate! went here for the first time yesterday for dinner with a friend. the food was great, the staff was excellent. we were very well taken care of. the dining room was quiet and clean. will definitely go back seafood mango curry- mild in flavor. not baddrunken noodle- quite spicy, have had better and could have more flavorpad see eew- was nice in flavor but it tasted like the drunken noodle was supposed to taste. no i didn't mix them up, the host and waiter confirmed. their pineapple and basil fried rice are very goodi'm a big fan of pho and i have to say theirs might be better than the vietnamese ones i've had. stopped here traveling for work and the food is amazing. the prices are very reasonable and great customer service a local thai place that's great for lunch or dinner.for starters, simply thai is separated from the strip centers of the area, in a building that used to be a post office many years ago. the lighting is dim and it seems like a very random place, but don't be fooled, they serve excellent thai cuisine with a fabulous staff. you'll be warmly invited in with prompt service and soothing, soft music in the background. the lunch specials are a great value. you choose an entree and it comes with soup or a salad. there are many options ranging from curry to pad thai, noodles and much more. there are many vegetarian options, with or without tofu, so that's a big plus. i highly recommend the pangang curry, especially if you enjoy something spicy. their specials change from time to time, but they're worth a try for a slightly different spin on what you may be used to. the garlic sauted edamame was excellent. this seemingly simple appetizer was bursting with flavor and was easily enough for three people. the veggie spring rolls were very good too, crispy on the outside with fresh vegetables on the inside. service here is very polite and attentive as well. they're willing to accommodate. they must have a liquor license now because they have a huge wine selection, in addition to beer and other drinks.don't overlook simply thai, as they hold true to their name, but hit a home run when it comes to food, service and atmosphere. i absolutely love this place! i have been going since they opened a few years ago and i have never been disappointed. there have been times we have gone once a week, i would recommend it to anyone. it's so fresh, the staff is all so nice and the prices are right on point for what you get. a must is the fresh springs rolls, i have yet to find another restaurant that does them better! good service, a nice dining room, but the food was a little dry and under seasoned. we also felt there wasn't enough meat or noodles in the drunken noodles or sweet and sour with chicken. the pad thai had enough chicken but was dry. overall, it was just okay. wonderful thai food, authentically prepared. dined here twice in one month and each time i left extremely satisfied. highly recommend the spring rolls and edamame with garlic and pepper as appettizers. the entres are delicious and the daily specials are usually the way to go. they use a 1-5 scale for "spicy". if you order 3 it's more spicy than medium; i liked it that way. definitely will return. i've eaten here a couple of times now. to be honest, i'm not a huge thai fan, but simply thai seems to be curing me of that. the restaurant is cozy, on a cold winter evening i recommend asking to sit along the front wall, there's a baseboard radiator that runs along it to help warm you up while you wait for your hot green tea. the waitstaff are pleasant and helpful, checking back on you multiple times without being intrusive.this most recent visit i tried the spicy stir fried crispy chicken on the specials menu. very flavorful sauce and the light chicken breading was crispy enough to stand up to the sauce without becoming soggy. a good balance of crisp broccoli, onions and basil gave it a unique flavor. i would definitely try again... though there are several other items on the menu i hope to try as well.the entrees are reasonably priced for the area, and you get a lot of food. my friend ordered the pineapple fried rice and the plate was heaping when it arrived. large plump shrimp, pineapple and cashews in the fried rice looked great.very happy with my visits here so far, will definitely return! stopped here in my travels with a colleague and was had a great meal. everything very tasty and well prepared. we really enjoyed the duck with a coconut curry sauce - they managed to maintain some crispiness in the delicious sauce. pad thai was standard but very tasty. we shared 3 different appetizers- all good. prices very fair for the quality. service good. i'll be stopping back. i love this place. the service is good. i order take out regularly and i am one of those pain in the butt people who modifies the menu. the crispy duck dishes are my fiance's fave; i always steal a bite, or two. they are really excellent (basil duck in particular). i opt for the drunken noodles 2/5 spicy gives me the perfect amount of kick for a moderate spice fan (sometimes, i think spicy ratings are highly relative and some cooks stay on the side of caution). the fresh spring rolls dipping sauces need some work. even mixed with the chili sauce it's a little one note. the spring rolls often are blander than needed because they're lacking in fresh herbs. still ok, but, always room for improvement. ordered their sweet/spicy tom yum for the first time the other day and i kept getting big pieces of fibrous lemon grass in my mouth. tasty soup, bad mouth appeal. not sure if it was the prep work on that day or if it's always like that. good eats for travelers on 84.it's your typical thai restaurant, nothing fancy....until i discovered they had spice levels 1 being mild to 5 being the hottest. since we are used to indian spicy food , obviously we ordered level 5 our server said we could handle it... so did i (lil did i know what was about to happen next)the apps( satay and puffs) were good.we ordered pad thai and chicken drunken noodles for our entree... n then came the fireworks....our food was like a ticking time bomb waiting to explode ...it's been 2 hrs now... my stomach hurts....i think it still worth it coz as long as i was eating it i enjoyed the food.caution: proceed to level 3 at your own risk.ambiance/service/quality : the usual ok simply thai is a great stop if you're looking for quality thai food. i've had a variety of their items included fried tofu, fresh spring rolls, golden bags, panang curry, pad thai, pad see eew, drunken noodles, and kua gai noodle. i've never had a bad food experience. my only "negative" is i do find for the portion size that the prices are a bit more on the expensive side. i'm certainly willing to pay it as the quality is exceptional but it prevents me from making it a more frequent part of my restaurant or takeout rotation. our go to to go thai place! i love tom yum soup in general but here it is very bland and more just like broth so i would avoid that. other than that, everything else has been great! i usually get pad thai and boyfriend gets curry and both are delicious and reasonably priced great place for lunch. i've had the drunken noodles with beef and the pho special. both meals were delicious and a great portion size. the place is very close to work so i'm sure i'll be here a lot! super good! we stopped on the way back from philadelphia to boston for lunch. it is very close to i84 and the food is just excellent! we ordered the dumplings, sweet and sour and priking all of which were great. service was good too. will be stopping again in the future when we take this interstate. stopped in for lunch and ordered the drunken noodles which is my go to dish when trying a new thai restaurant (unlike many others who judge off the pad thai). i was torn because they had some specials that looked great and i absolutely love curries. i stuck to my guns and ordered the dinner portion of beef drunken noodles. a side salad with peanut dressing came out as a starter. i won't judge it too hard since it was a simple starter salad, but it was a bit sad. dressing had great flavor but other than that it was a few pieces of torn up iceberg lettuce, dry shredded carrots, a tomato wedge and a mushy cucumber slice. the drunken noodles were a good sized portion and had a good ratio of beef/veggie/noodle. the beef had great flavor and was very tender. a few tough fatty pieces but most were ok. veggies were cooked well and still had some bite (broccoli, onion, red bell pepper, tomato). the pasta was also cooked pretty well with good chew. the only issue with the pasta is that most of it was in two large clumps that had glued themselves together. i know it's tough with those flat rice sheets so i won't bash it too hard. overall flavor was ok, i did find it to be a bit bland and it definitely lacked heat. the meal in general was good. i would come back to try a different dish but probably not the drunken noodle. went here for lunch today after a few people in the office suggested it. i ordered ahead for take out and was happy there was no conversion of my order over the phone. when i got to the restaurant the staff was quick to help me and had my order ready for pick up on time. i got the veggie ginger curry, similar to other thai places the proportion was a healthy size! this place provided the perfect ratio of rice, usually there is too much or too little. since two of us ordered i was able to sample their soup and salad that came with the lunch- you have to choose one over the other. i would recommend the soup as it was really good and the salad had a peanut dressing that i wasn't a fan of. i will definitely be back. my husband and i stopped at this restaurant on our way home to ny, and are so glad we did! the food was beyond delicious and the portions were generous. the ambiance is very peaceful and the staff is very attentive. enjoy!!!! we ordered spring rolls for appetizers. we had specifically said that we don't want any meat in anything. when the waiter arrived with the food, i suspected something odd. the waiter said he would check and then said that there was chicken in the food. we have a tradition of not eating meat, and we had mentioned to have no meat. then, we ordered red curry and basil fried rice. the rice in the basil fried rice was sticky but the red curry was okay. we felt that it took too long for food to be delivered. the ambience is very average for the price.	1	0	1	1	0
 this place has a great menu to chose from whether it be breakfast, lunch, or dinner. i had the butternut squash raviolis for dinner and it was out of this world, i highly recommend! +you can't beat the convenience of having the liquor store right next door for byob!! been meaning to stop here for years. eclectic and comfortable environment.outstanding value for the price, good food portions.helpful staff and quick service. outdoor seating for the warm weather. very good brunch . smaller place so a bit of wait for high traffic sunday time . great waiters and waitresses, yummy and i mean yummy side potatoes . my avocado was a bit brown , and a bummer because it was one of the reasons i ordered my meal . the donut apps are well worth it .go ! eat ! be happy :) i absolutely adore tsgb! enjoy a lunch outdoors, come by their breakfast or brunch -- there's something for everyone. be prepared for option overload though while dealing with choice complexity as the menu offers up quite the selection. pricing is reasonable and staff is friendly enough. portions are just as agreeable, i often leave satisfied. however, like other users have already mentioned -- the wait times can be brutal. whether it be for a table or for food delivery, service can be hit or miss. during peak hours, parking is can be very limited. the perfect neighborhood joint for simple eats, come by during off hours for the maximum experience. it's sunday and there was a cars & coffee event in glastonbury that i dragged tiffany to so it was only natural that we grab brunch somewhere in the area nearby. we did some yelp'ing, well... she did as i chatted at the show and she found this place. as we pull in we see people walking in the restaurant with elongated paper bags. tiffany yells, "it's b.y.o.b."! i roll the window down to ask the people we saw waiting outside if this were indeed true... it was! we needed to go get some bottles, but behold, literally next door to the restaurant was a liquor store. how convenient! lol. the store was locked, but the hours said they were open and to ring the doorbell. so i did. a young girl literally comes out of the spicy green bean and walks right over to us to open the door. genius. she sold us 2 bottles of champagne and we all walked back over to the restaurant together and was sat in the back room right near the kitchen. we started popping out bottles and got a half-carafe of orange juice ($8.00 seemed a little steep) so we can make mimosas! the service was amazing, super friendly, knowledgeable of their menu and helpful. for my entree i went with the buffalo & bleu bacon mania omelet. it's a ton of bacon folded into fluffy eggs with bleu, cheddar and american cheese smothered with southern bbq sauce, wing sauce and bleu cheese dressing drizzle. it's then topped with more crumbled bacon, tomato and avocado. it then comes with toast and "breffie potatoes". so much food and it was absolutely delicious. i will surely be coming back here to experience the spicy green bean in all of its glory! on this perfect saturday morning with an amazing weather, we decided to try this place out. it was already crowded when we reached. thankfully there wasn't any wait time and we were immediately seated. staff was busy hopping from table to table to accommodate their customers. interior had rustic old american feel. walls are decorated with beautiful art and overall ambience is inviting. my wife got a 'crab rockefeller' benedict with crab meat, poached eggs with silky hollandaise. we got the crossiant replaced by a gluten free bread. the server also made sure she didn't mix the sauce with the dish as it was not gluten free. how thoughtful of her! delicious dish if you love benedicts. i for myself 'down in th bayou' which is again a benedict dish with pulled pork topped with bbq sauce. all this on a grilled corn bread. it was well made, but probably not something which i should have ordered. because the bbq sauce really added to immense amount of sweetness. 'texas style french toast' were awesome with butter!negative:the service was super slow and we waited for more than 30 mins for our orders to arrive. it was snail pace. this seemed like a super busy morning, but staff should check on their customers frequently and notify them of the delay. they missed their mark on this one. management should make a note and work on this. overall the food was delicious and definitely worth a try. the extensive "breffie" menu caught my attention when we couldn't choose what we wanted to brunch. sweet or savory?! well, the spicy green bean has something for everyone! we snagged a table on a saturday morning with no reservation, but it was consistently a full house during our stay. i ordered the veggie burger on sourdough and the fianc got his usual, heuvos rancheros - unfortunately, my sandwich and fries came out completely cold and so did his benedict. (we were wondering why the food was taking so long). the only thing that was hot was his side of potatoes. the patty in my burger was pretty good and fresh, but the s.o. has had better benedicts. presentation made everything look better than it tasted. i was semi-(okay maybe a lot) disappointed that they didn't have a good beverage selection. i asked for an iced coffee, which they don't make so she just poured regular coffee over ice. terrible, terrible coffee for $3 a pop! we both drank less than 1/8 of it. fortunately, there's a starbucks down the street! after a long wait, visited the green bean, me n my husband had lunch here on saturday. the ambience is of a cafe with bits and pieces of art work on the walls. a cheesy look! it wasn't that crowded when we walked in, seating was quite quick. however the orders took a while.my husband ordered a veggie burger which came with fries. my order was put in wrong, actually i wanted a chicken salad and they made me a chicken sandwich, along that i got a soup. so basically my order was half sandwich with soup.loved the quality of the food, fresh and served hot!the tomato soup was good needed no extra seasonings, just right to sip. the sandwich was apt for lunch portion. i wish they toasted the bread!the filling was super yum! the veggie burger was plated so good and really good size worth the penny... the patty was mix of veggies unlike combo of the beans n veggies.would love to stop by for breakfast sometime soon! great place! great staff and food is delicious, def worth a try. i miss how they had the wine and food pairing events. huge variety of offerings that has daily additions as well. not so much with the parking, good luck. nobody goes there for lunch anymore because you can't find a parking spot. two visits in and i'm ready to share my opinion :)on trip #1 i stopped in for an on-the-go lunch. i snagged a buffalo chicken cutlet and some house made cookies. after calling in my to-go order and being told it'd be ready in 10 minutes, i got there in 5. and just like they said, 5 minutes later i was leaving with food and a smile. food makes me smile... the sandwich was very good...a hefty cut with just a little breading. it was seasoned well. not enough spice to scorch your tastebuds, but enough to deserve the "buffalo" title. my red velvet and white chocolate cookies that i ordered for "lunch dessert" were decent. they were of the crunchy variety and not too sweet but they're a good finish for when you're not looking for something heavy/rich. trip #2 was a brunch ("breffie") trip. i was happy to see that this place is one of only a few in the area that do brunch on saturdays, not just sundays. i came in around 11am on that saturday and was able to seat myself with no wait time at all. service was prompt - which is crucial when you're as hungry as i was lol. i ordered a chicken/egg/cheese sandwich with homefries ($6.99) and a short stack of their pancakes ($3.99).my sandwich came was atop their hard roll (actually a full-length hoagie) and was much larger than i expected. eggs were over easy which i don't prefer, but it worked well in this instance for whatever reason. the home fries with a mix of purple, white, and sweet potatoes were delightful. lightly salted with a bit of crunch. just great. then there were the pancakes. oh so fluffy. oh so flavorful. oh so buttery! they were the star and the short stack was more than full sized orders i've got from other eateries close by. overall, the food here begs for you to describe it with one word... "quality!" everything was just so fresh and hot. the food doesn't knock your socks off, but the unique spin they put on every dish means you can look forward to something as simple as homefries being both beautiful and distinctly tasty. factor in how reasonable their pricing is along with the huge portion sizes and, without reservation, i'd recommend this place to anyone it's tough to give a place with such an extensive menu and great food a three-star review, but i really have to do it. i'll do the pros first. pros:- excellent home fries- huge menu, something for everyone- big portions, you definitely won't leave hungry- reasonable prices- byob! and if you get your booze at the attached liquor store there is no corking fee (amazing!)- creative dishes, funky artwork, fun vibe-patio areacons:- the reason my my three star review: the wait. i have never waited so long for breakfast food in my life. dinner was an equally long wait. both times i've visited it took nearly 2 hours to get in, order, eat, and get the check. clear your schedule. they seems to get so behind. our server was barely by the table. - small place, gets really busy so you will also be waiting for a table- parking is a pain in the very small back lot or three spaces up fronti think if given the option i would choose another place just based on wait alone. and i'd never be able to go with my toddler because there's no way she'd be entertained sitting for that long. it's too bad because the food is good and i'd like to go more often. :( the food is a 5 but the time it takes for it to be made for you is a 3. the servers gave us free cookies in a take home bag to apologize for the delay. there had been a party of 10 that had gotten each plate for each person as it was done in the kitchen which meant some people at that table were done eating before the others had gotten theirs. i love their multi color homefries. they are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and well seasoned. my bacon on top my california fun eggs benedict was nice and crispy. the plates are garnished with a smattering of various greens and a slice of orange. nicely plated. great buttery pancakes. the portions are huge. the staff was amazing. so friendly , so nice and made me feel right at home. the bacon was cooked to perfection. the bacon was crispy yet not burnt. the presentation was really nice loved the ambiance. very eclectic inside. to my utter surprise, the spicy green bean is an awesome brunch spot. my honey and i ordered the crab benedict and humpty dumpty and both were absolutely great. there is a lot of creativity in the dishes at spicy green bean, which i appreciate. my dish, the humpty dumpty, came with hot tea and a mimosa...what a deal. there is not a lot of flexibility in ordering. for example, we tend to like to order a single pancake but spicy does not allow for that. they also did not allow for substitutions. so...yes, what you see is what you get. while there is a private lot in front of the restaurant, there are only about 3-5 spots so have your parallel parking skills ready for street parking.the restaurant is a bit tight in some of the corners of the room so maybe try to avoid those seats if you can.spicy accepts cash and plastic. i highly recommend. after talking about visiting this local restaurant for i don't know how long, we finally decided to stop by and say hi by having lunch and i am sorry we didn't stop by sooner. this was a great opportunity for us to sit outside, where there are many tables for couples or groups to enjoy the shaded area.we started with waters and unsweetened iced tea, which is very good. i enjoyed a grilled sourdough bread roast beef sandwich with choose your own toppings, i do recommend the balsamic glaze as your condiment for the sandwich; it was very good. along with the sweet potato fries; yum! i also tried the noodle slaw, but a little too spicy for me....i am not big on spice, but it did have a nice kick. anne enjoyed a nice wrapped sandwich with turkey and she also enjoyed the noodles. i do recommend parking on the side street or back lot as visitors who parked in front of the building, had a little difficulty getting out of their parking spot.all of the staff were very friendly and helpful. i do believe that we will be returning to enjoy another lunch, as i believe the prices were very reasonable and it was very comfortable and enjoyable to sit outside. so happy i finally tried this place! i've been wanting to come for breakfast for quite a while. the interior is quaint and cozy. even though it was busy, we were seated immediately (always a plus!) our server was attentive and friendly. i ordered the irish benedict, so delicious! anytime there's an eggs benedict without canadian bacon (not my favorite), i have to have it. the only negative i have to say was when we were seated at the two person table i couldn't get into my seat because the person sitting behind me had his chair backed into mine and i couldn't squeeze myself in so i had to switch spots with my friend (he was also unable to move). all in all, a great breakfast in a warm inviting environment. followed the yelp-great-places-for-breakfast reviews here..cutest decor..very courteous hostess..great coffee and maybe their best in the "the wrong order".we have just been here once, but will surely go again to try out more from their menu."the wrong order"...grill burger with over easy egg on hashbrowns for bread. great idea! it was just the right order for me.the wife had the crab rockefeller and was delighted till she got to the croissant. had a funky stale bread stale butter taste that really put us off of the entire combination. once the croissant was out of the way...it was just great. a pity that the croissant was bad.the daughter had the kids menu fried egg well done with bacon. was the quickest egg she ever had.is clearly a 5 star joint until you get a bad croissant. hope to bump it up to 5 stars on our next visit.oh yes, the coffee too was a perfect blend. i have been here twice now, the most recent visit being for sunday brunch with my girlfriends. it was pretty busy but we able to get a table easily. i really like the overall vibe and ambiance of this place; charmingly funky and very casual. there is a good amount of seating indoors as well as outdoors when the weather permits (although there is an awning over the tables). being gluten free, i always study menus carefully before arriving anywhere to make sure that there's something that i can eat. imagine my delight when i saw that thy order gf bread! i ended up ordering the rockefeller benedict on gf bread and i was impressed when the waitress came over and told me that they omitted the hollandaise sauce because it's made with flour. the eggs were masterfully poached (trust me, a piece of me dies every time i'm served an egg that's cooked incorrectly) and the home fries were a fantastically tasty blend of blue, sweet and "standard" potatoes. the request for patience printed on the menu seemed to be somewhat justified, as it did take quite a while for us to get our food. but it was so good that it really was worth the wait. plus the waitress was very nice and did bring our food quickly when it was done. i'm really looking forward to going back for lunch or dinner one day! we usually love coming here for breakfast. we know that we should expect a little longer wait time for food, but the last two times were incredibly terrible. there were 3 tables lined up in a row with high chairs, and absolutely no space between tables. the food is still good, but even being sat right away when they first opened we didn't leave until 10:30!! 90 minutes for scrambled eggs!! the wait by the time we left was substantial and the few servers on hadn't even greeted several people at the door. this is the second time we ordered a "momo" and had to remind our waitress to bring it over after our first coffees had been empty for quite some time. our waitress did not come in to check in, my husband had to wrap his food because our baby had fallen asleep while waiting, and she forgot our to-go container. incredibly disappointing. adorable place, friendly staff, good food. i've only been here a few times, and most recently ordered a chicken salad wrap to go. everything on the menu is solid, and they have some interesting options. they are byob, which i'm a huge fan of, and located next door to a tiny beer/wine store. come by for lunch! excellent place!! tracy (our waitress) was wonderful! she knew the menu and made perfect recommendations. definitely will be returning i came to the spicy green bean to meet some friends. i showed up 10 minutes early hoping to grab a table and settle in with a beverage before my friends arrival. however, their policy is your entire party must be present in order to be sat. i waited awkwardly in the doorway as waitresses and customers worked around me. meanwhile, several tables sat empty. food was good, but don't bother going in unless everyone in your group is there with you. if you do go in, plan to be ignored and in the way until all are present. sunday brunch well... i guess it was closer to lunch but hey! i don't get to do brunch all that often so this was a treat. atmosphere: simple. loved the window art.food: kiddos had the 3 silver dollar pancakes with bacon and french toast with bacon.i had the chicken and biscuit. hubs had the the wrong choice!let's start with the pancakes... yummo! kiddo enjoyed it down to the last bite. (truthfully it was a bit too buttery for me but not for the kid as he proceeded to grease it up with another whole thing of butter!)the french toast! now that was good. kiddo left 3 bites conveniently for the rest of us to each try a bite. considerate, no?the chicken and biscuits were great. let me tell you! i didn't get to finish my meal as the rotation of forks didn't stop. "momma, can i try a bite of your chicken?" by the 4th bite, it is no longer a try. it is a clear hijacking of my food. the biscuit topped with perfectly fried chicken then topped with a deliciously golden yolky egg then covered in a blanket of gravy. this comes with a side of home fries that are colorful, crunchy outside yet silky inside. there should be a whole separate review of these great home fries! even the kiddos ate them.finally the wrong choice! was a great choice. i reminded my hubs of a childhood favorite dish. the combination of flavors works well together. i didn't expect the siracha, cheese, ketchup, egg yolk to work as well as it did. hubs shared one bite and not any more than that. the hash brown "bun" was what made the dish! he did say he would have preferred more veggies with the dish. (this coming from the strict carnivore!)the wait: now there were lots of posts about the wait. it wasn't bad. i was surprised the food came out as soon as it did. we were seated, ordered and ate. we were there a bit over an hour. (i am notorious for "taking forever" to eat my meal. hey, i like to enjoy my meals. i will give the meal the time and attention it deserves! which i should add... there were folks waiting and no one gave me a stank look to get me out.)conclusion: check it out. next time i'm in the area, i will definitely swing by! great selection of food and tastes great, but stopped going here with friends since they will not split the bill three or more ways on credit cards. i don't know if it is because each credit card charge costs the restaurant a few cents more?no other restaurant limits us; consequently, we all go to other places nearby. went there for breakfast on a saturday. it wastough to pick one menu item! i ended up going with the roasted veggie omelet & it did not disappoint. nice slices of zucchini, peppers, onions, swiss cheese... yum! the potatoes that come with it are amazing, seasoned to perfection and the perfect crunchy outside soft on the inside. get breakfast here!!! atmosphere is eclectic and cozy. ordered a eiffel tower, a little disappointed in the fact it wasn't shaped like one. the portions were huge and the sandwich was delicious along with side portion of potatoes. we also ordered the sweet potato pancakes and these were fluffy and easy on your body, sweet potatoes are healthy after all. we also ordered homemade donuts and the only reason we ate them was for the reservoir of sugar at the bottom of the bowl. all in all, a nice breakfast spot that we would come back to, especially for the sugar syrup under the donuts my husband was surprised, when he found out that i had never been to the sgb. even though i was raised in glastonbury, i hardly ever ate there. my parents always took us to far away restaurants. who knew that this little restaurant, tucked between a chinese restaurant and a wine shop, would boast so much pizazz? from the beautifully painted windows, to the eclectic wall art, to the crazy decor...it screams modern and fun. the waitstaff was super friendly and interacted with the customers, like they were family.the parking is a little tight, but what do you expect from a busy, well loved establishment? there is a narrow driveway, next to the building, but it's safer to go down concord street, and pull in behind the building.we arrived 30 minutes after they opened, and the place was almost to capacity. we opted for the bar height tables, in the back by the kitchen. we loved our seats, we were able to see all the action, and it wasn't as loud as the main dining area.the young man who seated us, quickly brought coffees and water to the table. our waitress happily offered to put our son's order in first, but we already had our sights on the fresh made donuts. shortly after our orders were put in, the donuts showed up. today's version was drizzled with chocolate. still hot from the fryer and rolled in cinnamon and sugar, my son grabbed one as soon as it hit the table! a smile covered in chocolate, cinnamon and sugar, was the seal of approval from my little guy.we ordered the silver dollar pancakes for our son. when they were brought to the table, they looked to be more like softball size! i ordered the green shroom, a sandwich on toast, made with spinach, mushrooms, egg, bacon and cheese. the sandwich was amazing, as were the multicolored potato homefries. my husband got the "wrong choice". this was the wrong name for this sandwich...because it was the right choice for him! i have never seen anything like this. a sandwich made between two crispy hashbrowns with a crazy mix of a burger, egg, cheese, jalapeo bacon, lettuce, tomato, pepper relish, banana pepper and sriracha ketchup.i'm already looking forward to my next visit. there are so many interesting things on their menu, that i want to try! i ate lunch here today. definitely will be back - soon! special place with a unique vibe, great menu, fair prices and really good fresh food! great spot in hebron avenue in glastonbury that until today i am sorry to say i have not tried. looking for a new lunch spot now that our beloved mustard seed cafe has closed :( mark c suggested the spicy green bean - giving us the option for both breakfast and lunch.not very busy for a saturday around 12;30pm (score), so we sat outside (in the shade) to dine al fresco. our orders were promptly made and we both loved our choices (turkey sandwich in a wrap for me and a roast beef sandwich for mark c.). they have some pretty funky menu options which i would love to try and the future (duck onion rings anyone) but i am running a marathon soon - so that will have to wait.they are byob with a liquor store next door (very convenient), so i can see myself grabbing a beer and back their for lunch or dinner in the future.	1	1	1	1	1
 i came back here after a yelp elite event and the paninis are still as good as i remembered. perfectly crispy on both sides with deliciously melting cheese. i got a black and blue, which is a panini with steak, blue cheese, american cheese, and mayo. it sounds plain, but the tanginess of the blue cheese and the steak make a great combination. my wife was really glad that we were able to customize our sandwiches however we wanted. they were definitely not stingy with toppings and even checked make sure she had enough bacon. gasp! try finding to say that at subway. the hibiscus cooler was as delicious as it was when i last had it. not too sweet, with a light hibiscus flavor. overall, really love this place. surprised that it's not a chain and wished there was a place closer to where we're going to move to. yummy ... fresh ingredients. there are boards with panini ideas or you can make your own. i had the sun dried tomato veggie panini. it was so yummy. the chicken noodle soup was great. the place is very clean and efficient. great fast food !! hibiscus cooler is absolutely delicious ! paninis were crisp and full of flavor. have to try out the steak and cheese and the italian panini, it won't disappoint! they're a family owned business and not a franchise ! finally got a chance to get back here since the yelp elite event that brought me here in the first place! i got the bbq chicken panini and it was just as delicious as i remember! i love that everything is fresh and they make it right there in front of you. i also got to talking to the girl making my panini and she was absolutely lovely! the staff greeted me when i came in the door and they were all friendly and nice. sadly i didn't think to get any of their names, but the crew that was on last night around 8:30pm rocks! my only con about hot table is that there isn't one closer to where i live. i will definitely be back again when i'm in the area! love this place. you guys rock!!! lexi, bri, ashley, nick, carley, and sam!!!! attentive, patience, and smiles. we will make this our weekly get-away. see you guys soon. i love u guys, sincerely bunny the food is pretty good and the space is beautiful. the staff seems very inexperienced despite it being open for a while now. one panini completely fell apart coming out of the press. it should have been remade from scratch without us having to even ask or mention it. would also be nice to have some bread beside white available. while enjoying my panini i noticed a bible on the mantle over the fireplace. i thought that was unusual to see in a chain restaurant. we asked the manager about the bible. she told us that the owners are christian, this is a christian restaurant, and that they (the employees) are christians. i prefer my roasted turkey without a side of jesus. great concept, great execution. i'd been to their location in enfield once, and i was excited to discover they were in glastonbury as well. i actually hadn't been planning to go here for lunch - i was diverted after finding that my original destination was temporarily closed - but one mark of a really good place is that you leave feeling completely, utterly satisfied even when you'd had a totally different kind of meal in mind!i ordered the chicken pesto panini with a splash of hot sauce, and a cup of mac and cheese: lunch for a cold day. the sandwich was well-formulated and well-constructed, with just the right amount of tasty fillings, and the mac and cheese hit the spot, especially when spruced up with some fresh black pepper from the grinder next to the soda fountain. i know you can build your own panini here, and i'm sure i'll get around to it, but their house combinations are so good on their own (reminded me of zoi's down in new haven) that it'll be hard to break away.i definitely have a new lunch spot, and i'll be routing as many coworkers here as i can. hot table does it right. happened to grab some late lunch on lazy afternoon...at first sight it was more than the expected. it's pretty simple choose your bread size( s,m,l) sauce,veggies,protein and cheese from a wide assortment....and have it grilled to perfection or to make matters more simple just pick one from the pre fixed menu.although the sandwiches are really good, they are a bit too greasy. i paired mine with a tomato soup (supper chunky). and remember kids eat free on saturdays ... pretty neat deal, kids meal is almost 7$. ithe restaurant itself was very clean and well maintained. love sitting by the fire mantle...real cozy. this place is super yummy! i ordered the hummus veggie panini, hummus, artichoke hearts, provolone and mozz cheese, tomatoes, fresh greens, green peppers, roasted red peppers and i added some sauted onions and mushrooms to the mix. then they put brush the top of the bread with either an oil or buttery liquid and hot press it into crispy deliciousness!at 6.50 for a small, 8 for a medium and 10 for a large, it's not a cheap meal, but it is fresh, made in front of you and very filling.the rewards card fills at a punch per panini (salad, wrap, or combo also qualify), regardless of size so 12 small panini's still net you a large at the end. hot table is a great addition to glastonbury. my tuna melt was excellent with all of the great ingredients they offer. sandwich sizes are nice to pick from as well. i would recommend hot table to everyone. please open one near farmington or in west hartford center. everything you make is delicious!!! a bogo lunch deal brought me in one weekday. i honestly would not likely have trekked in without the bogo deal, but that's what coupons are for, right?it was refreshing to see that hot table has some innovative combos, and you can do more than just get a panini. i got the southwest chicken as a wrap. i liked all the ingredients together, but the cheese tasted a little fake, like one of those cheaper kinds that should be on nachos or something. otherwise, the sandwich was good, and the size was a good value.i'd likely come by again, though i'll skip anything with that cheese in it. hot table is a cross between panera and subway but with fresh ingredients. you can either choose to make your own panini or select from their careful crafted options, all made fresh in front of you. if you want a panini, you can select from small, medium and large and then choose what ingredients you want the panini artists (hot table employee) to use. after your sandwich is cooked on a panini press and served.they have lots of great juice blends to choose from in addition to fountain drinks. if you don't want a panini you can get soup or a made to order salad. there are fresh cookies and bagged chips. they also have gluten free bread!this is a great alternative to the mass produced panera sandwiches that offer very little in customization and subway in which their sandwiches don't truly resemble a panini.one recommendation would be to have more original sauce options and make your own homemade chips. this would probably be my favorite sandwich shop so far. they are made freshly right in front of you and your building your own sandwich so they cannot go wrong. you get to choose small / medium / large buns and then you get your proteins with a huge choice of veggies.i loved their pesto mayo and chipotle sauces. i did half bun with pesto mayo n other half with chipotle. added tofu n a variety of veggies. you pay according to the size of the bun and not for what's in your sandwich.they also have a variety of sandwiches on the menu but i personally love build your own one! it's worth every penny for the sandwich.they also have soups n salads. my 5 year old grand daughter wanted to go there for the grilled cheese. my first time there.it's a glorified sub way. i had to wait in line & look around people to see what the food was like. decided on tuna. it looked dry-like tuna with out mayo mixed in. second choice: chicken parm. cant go wrong there. it was in a covered container so i couldn't see it. so when the guy scooped out the shredded chicken & plopped in on a roll, i knew i was in trouble. never had a shredded chicken parm sandwich before. not the way it should be. can't understand why people would wait 13 deep to get a sandwich there. one & done for me.ps: bath room was dirty & table top was a swivel top (wasn't supposed to be. ) i pulled up on this hot table in my local township and soon after the crew and i stunted in, we were able to order very quickly. however when it came to inventory, this hot table in particular is extremely weak to the point of inadequacy. there was no gluten free bread. can't say that hot table is anything special. overpriced for how much food you get and order accuracy continues to be a huge problem here. the only reason i come here is it is very close to work making it only convenient. online ordering is nice but doesn't fully grasp the level of customization you can get by ordering at the counter.best thing i get here is the steak & peppers panini. upper management is responsive to feedback but have had issues with this stores management in the past. i'm glad i gave this place a shot, with most sandwich shops i am usually disappointed with the vegetarian options! boring! what kicks this place up a notch is the warm, fresh, crunchy on the outside bread! i enjoyed the pesto spread with veggies. again, what i ordered, if on regular bread would've been same old-boring. not here! of course they have a wide variety of meats and all that stuff that most people like. it's a nice casual fast food sandwich shop. love the panini's here! awesome food and service. i ordered the humus veggie but with chicken which is what's great about it you can make it your own and it's really good. hot table is an awesome sandwich shop, where you can build the sandwich of your dreams. they offer an extensive menu of sandwich choices (several vegetarian options), all of which you can order straight, or make some freestyle changes to, depending on your mood that day. i ordered the caprese panini on ciabatta bread, and added sauted mushrooms to it. the whole sandwich was absolutely amazing with the balsamic drizzle, and the cup of tomato veggies soup was perfect with it. the staff was also incredibly helpful and friendly, explaining all of our choices to us and offering their own suggestions, which was definitely appreciated. i definitely look forward to my next visit! great spot for a quick and yummy hot lunch! a friend called it "like subway with panini" and i would have to agree. you start by selecting your bread size, then choose the meat, spreads, cheese and veggies galore. finally it is put on the panini press where the magic happens and the sandwich is transformed into a panini. they also have soups of the day, chips or salads you can pair with your panini. hot table offers a friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere.  the selection leaves me wondering if i made the right choice!  once i sink my teeth in i immediately know that i have. my favorite panini is the chicken pesto. i find hot table to be quality food at good prices. one of my favorite places to eat in glastonbury. if you want the best panini look no further chicken or steak it's all good. i recommend going for the large and savin half for lunch the next day can't beat hot table leftovers haha first time here, and was totally blown away. i stopped by on a whim and what a delight. it's as if subway and panera had a baby. the shop is nice and clean and the staff is really friendly, and not like fake friendly because they have to be. it was really busy but the staff kept their cool and the manager / owner was even helping out. you could tell that he truly enjoyed being involved and wasn't doing it just to save face. i got the swiss steak mushroom melt, which was awesome. i'm a sucker for crispy onions. they had no problems with swapping out the cheese for me and it was wicked hot when i picked it up. got a giant chocolate chip cookie which was nice ans soft. i will be coming here again. i 've given hot table four stars based on the fact i like their panini's,but for some funky reason, they have forgotten the salami on my wife's italian comboon two separate occasions. skipping the salami would make it a ham sandwich.twice! different sandwich makers too!maybe its a sandwich makers initiation rite." first thing you must do is sell the customer a ham sandwich instead of an italian combo.but do not let them see you neglect to place the salami, they must discover it upon returningto their home!"but they are experts at not giving you a hint of this deception..the crew is friendly and polite and look like they know what they are doing.yah....they know exactly what they are doing.this is the first stage of moving up the corporate ladder.the ham sandwich ruse!i still like this place. unlike firehouse subs nearby, you can get home without yoursandwich being a soggy mess.as long as you don't miss your salami ;) i loved my sandwich here. step aside sandwich joints, there's a new sheriff in town. if you're tired of cold, boring sandwich that get thrown into a microwave or "toaster" in a last minute effort to save the sadness of the ingredients, then you need to check out hot table. it's a build your own panini spot, with interesting ingredients that all melt together in a beautiful sympony of sandwich warmness and goodness. i got the southwest chicken... so refreshing in a world of boring sandwiches. i'd eat here every day if i lived or worked nearby. went there yesterday and the two girls working were amazing they were so personable and kind! i haven't such great customer service in so long! they made great recommendations and the food was amazing! definitely coming back! i have been here twice now and plan on going back. they offer several different sizes of sandwiches which is great since if you just want a nibble you can get a nibble and if your really hungry you can go big and chow down.this place is a breath of fresh air from the other ho hum sandwich joints. i mean really how can you go wrong with a nice toasty sandwich to warm you up.i have had the swiss steak mushroom melt on ciabatta bread each time because it was so tasty. i did take off the a-1 and put the pesto mayo on instead and added some spinach & tomatoes. boy oh boy was it tasty....i'm starting to crave another one right now as i am writing this review. they also have salads and soups and if you want a wrap they can do that too.the staff was very friendly and put my sandwich together quickly and neatly. i really hope hot table opens a location in rocky hill so i can grab a sandwich during my lunch break....i'll update you more on the other things i try...but right now i'm a big fan so if your in a hurry and need a bite hot table is the place! great food. i had a small pesto pannini (which was fairly large!) a southwestern salad and a cup of lobster bisque. all were delicious. they were fast and friendly also. i highly recommend as a somewhat healthy choice if you choose correctly! very delicious and a variety of choices. i tried the black and blue panini and it was very tasty. i was lucky to see that the bread they used for my panini was right out of the oven. you can add veggies and or condiments to an already great flavored panini if you wish.	1	1	1	1	0
 love this place....great service and amazing food. best friendsgiving dinner ever.-garlic nan a must-chutney -khorma -chicken tikka great food. we had dinner tandoori chicken and mango chicken and it was delicious. they can make the dishes to order depending on how spicy you like. i went for mild next time i will try medium and see how that goes. they also serve a lunch buffet, that i plan to try in the near future. the wait staff was very attentive and the drinks were fantastic. we will be coming back. i made a stop here at the recommendation of some locals since i'm new to the area. i haven't eaten extensive indian cuisine, but i definitely enjoyed the food here. a friend and i split an order of garlic naan and split the chicken tikka masala. we ended up splitting an entree because we were a bit caught off guard by the prices. our entree was $14, and you wouldn't quite expect that based on the restaurant's location. the food was definitely good, but i've had good tikka masala for less. the service too was a bit slow despite a pretty decent amount of servers during a fairly slow evening. we had to wait for quite awhile before we were even asked if we were ready to order. however the staff was very friendly. i'm sure i'll stop here again, but i'll also be looking for more affordable alternatives for a quick bite. tasty food, attentive service, and cozy atmosphere. utsav has a great mix of meat-based and vegetarian options. i have tried dishes from both and have never been disappointed. the wait staff is always on top of filling up your water- i have never had to ask for a refill. not sure if it's because of my good looks or if they do it for everyone, but i always end up getting a free dessert at the end of the meal. i feel like the waitstaff are genuinely happy to work there and i feel they truly care that i have a good time. best indian food in the area! we had shrimp & lamb appetizers, chicken madras, goat curry & eggplant entrees. everything was fantastic!!!will definitely come back! this was my favorite restaurant but not any longer. sadly, the food quality has gone significantly down hill while the prices have continued to rise. for example, the tikka masala sauce is so watered down, it barely has any flavor or consistency. my favorite dish on the tandori menu "gustaba" (rack of lamb) is now a hefty $32.00 which i personally feel is outrageous for a small indian restaurant in vernon, ct. ever since they opened a second restaurant in wethersfield things just haven't been the same :( we went tonight for the first time. atmosphere was great, service was perfect, food was delicious. not cheap but worth it. very nice and cozy. definitely will go back again. the best indian east of the river by a wide margin. lunch buffet is always excellent from the sizzling tandoori chicken with naan to the vindaloo to lentil dishes and other vegetarian entrees. at dinner any of the curries are good choiceservice very attentive and prices fair we came on a holiday and had their lunch buffet. the service was exceptional and they serve the tandoori chicken to your table. they had a bunch of vegetarian dishes and two meat dishes (lamb and chicken curry). the chicken was dry, not that moist. for $12 i wish there was a bigger selection of dishes. overall, worth trying out for a cheap lunch. if you've never considered yourself a big fan of indian food then chances are you've never experienced the extraordinary cuisine assembled here at utsav. i've been coming to this area for eight years and although i've been invited here a number of times, it never worked out and i never really felt any disappointment for the missed opportunity. i really didn't have a clue what it was that i was missing out on, after all it's just indian food and chances are i've experienced everything served on the menu somewhere else and although the reviews are outstanding how good could it really be?when traveling on busy often times you find yourself eating alone and that's not always a bad thing it allows one to pick and choose places that may not always fit the agenda of others. i walked through the door here with high expectations after reading the reviews of a few of my trusted yelp friends and quickly realized it's everything described in those reviews and more. the restaurant is beautiful inside, almost a formal setting with a relaxed casual feel. the professional staff promptly greeted me and extended an invitation to seat myself anywhere i liked. my server anthony arrived with ice water and a basket of warm malsas dosa with condiments that were amazing. i did mention anthony but actually the entire staff catered to my every need. the menu is filled with specialties that doesn't make choosing an entre very easy but i did find a dish that i have eaten many times in many places from the west coast to a little store front in scotland which raised the bar on all indian food for me, since that time i thought it could never be topped and that's been true until now.i ordered the lamb phaal a very hot curry with blends of chillies, onions and tomatoes with a nice portion of tender lean mouthwatering lamb folded in. i love spicy food so i requested the dish be prepared very very hot anthony never questioned my request although i'm sure he may have wanted to provide me with a disclaimer to sign. this quality of this dish was like none i've ever experience it was absolutely perfect. this was paired with a delicious side of perfectly cooked rice and of course who could resist a side of their garlic naan seasoned with garlic and cilantro. this is no doubt the best indian cuisine on the planet in my humble opinion... i had to get this down immediately. i haven't even left the parking lot, and i felt the need to review this establishment. this is the best indian food i've ever had, and i've had some damned good indian food. i happened to find utsav by chance while looking for something nearby to eat. the "best indian restaurant in the united states" for a very good reason!they have a wide variety of dishes to choose from, catering to every dietary need. my favourite dish was absolutely the stewed eggplant with mushrooms. my mind is blown, as i used to despise eggplant.on top of excellent food, the service is really good. people are genuine and good-natured.a comfortable, clean, and welcoming atmosphere.thank you!michaelmichaelduvic.com exceptionally good lamb mappas (aadu mappas). nan also terrific. rice good, if not great. my partner ordered the avial, because she often orders things she hasn't seen on indian menus, and i agree with her that it was under seasoned, and possibly undercooked. still very good, but it somehow could have been better. not having had it before it's hard to say how it stacks up against other versions of the dish. her salted lassi was great, though. amazing rice pudding to finish. overall a great experience. will be back. this is by far the best indian restaurant we have ever eaten at. we travel 30 minutes from home to eat here! the mango madras is to die for! the service is impeccable, the food delicious. our favorites are shrimp malai jinga if you don't like spicy. another favorite is the chicken shahi korma and the chicken madras. you can adjust your level of spicy. and it is consistently delicious every time! it is a must go to destination if you like indian food. best indian food i have found after living here 10 years. great food, amazing service delicious! best indian food i've had in a while. i ate my leftovers as soon as i got home even though i was still full! great service too, will definitely be back. if you like indian food then you will like utsav. great ambience, great food. service needs some work. its hit or miss. but all in all its priced right and is always a great meal. recommended excellent food! excellent service. wait staff was dressed very professionally and were right there with drink refills.the naan and tandoori chicken, served tableside, were wonderful.this is the best indian food i've eaten! wish i could take this restaurant home to arizona with me! best indian food i have ever had. we had the chicken madras and the plate was licked clean! we also tried the eggplant appetizer and the flavors were so interesting. the service was terrific, helpful, present and the water refills kept on coming. finally, we were surprised with a rice kehr/pudding for dessert on the house! what a nice sweet touch. the lovely cardamom milk, yum!we will definitely be coming back to further explore the menu. and we will have to try the lunch buffet! my family likes to tease me about the week i ate here 5 times, but they always say "yes" when i suggest they come along. whether it's the huge assortment at the daily lunch buffet or ordering off the menu for dinner, we always leave with big smiles from the rich flavors and authentic southern indian cuisine. i love the opportunity of the buffet to sample new dishes, which are always well labeled on the immaculately clean buffet, and also find some of my favorites! we just returned from lunch with a friend, and i'm pleasantly full with sabji (vegetable fritters), saag (spinach and chickpeas in a mild sauce), mutter paneer (cheese, peas in a mild creamy tomato sauce) and more. a light chardonnay was delicious on this summer day with the mild dishes i chose. finishing my meal with a masala chai tea was just perfect! hot, milky, and sweetly spiced, it was all the dessert i needed, although rice pudding is a favorite of my husband's with his madras coffee! we appreciate the friendly and helpful, but not intrusive, staff and the bright, colorful decor! i'm already looking forward to returning. enjoyed a delicious saturday buffet here. the buffet is divided into two sides -- with hot appetizers and main course dishes on one side and desserts and condiments on the other. this is significant because this enables diners to easily access the various yogurts, chutneys and other condiments with ease and as much as they like. as a vegetarian i sampled only half of the buffet, but their cauliflower, daal, and potato and eggplant curry dishes were delicious. and their traditional desserts were great. they also bring to your table a large piece of sizzling tandoori chicken -- which i did not sample but others seemed to like -- and naan as often as you like. this brings me to the last point. the service was fantastic--attentive, kind and all smiles. the staff were great and clearly have been trained well. okay last point really -- given the buffet's plentiful food and food options and the excellent service, i believe the per-person buffet price is extremely reasonable. i highly recommend and hope to return soon.update: had another excellent experience today. the staff is so nice and professional--and we love the food. so glad we have this fantastic restaurant in vernon! amaze balls!!! really, the food, the service, the decor... i considered just looking for a job in connecticut so i could come back again and again. the food is amazing! the service is the best i've had anywhere in a very long time ! do not pass by this place ! top notch 100% i've always ordered takeout as i live nearby, so i haven't had the experience of eating in the restaurant, but the portions are generous and the quality of the food is top notch. my husband and i stopped here after flying into the local airport. we put the request into our garmin and google maps. utsav was on our way home.  imagine our surprise and delight in finding this gem of a restaurant!!  i missed authentic, totally delicious south indian food. we took a lot of food home, to freeze! and it was terrific!  our server, kiran, was excellent. it felt like we were at dinner at a distant family member's restaurant! -------- 2 months went by. yes..we were low on home-cooked 'naadan' food for me! new england food is nice, but ahh..bland.  my husband asked me,"want to go to that indian restaurant you liked?"  i was dressed in 20 minutes! we drove 2 hours.  we went back. the great food was not a fluke! they did it again: brought out consistently top notch indian food (they have lovely selections from various regions, including north india). and we lugged a couple of packed bags of food home! and stuffed our deep freezer with single-serve yummy portions!  if you like indian food, and regional cuisine which kicks some serious ass.. go to utsav. take food home (you'll thank yourself after a long day at work, or being outside all day!) easily the best indian food in new england. this place is excellent. we order new appetizers and entrees every time we go and each time the food has been phenomenal. the service is beyond wonderful. they seat you quickly, get things rolling and the food does not take very long, even when they're busy.from the outside the place doesn't look like much but this is one of the best hole in the wall places i've been to! definitely a must try.and get the tandoori chicken. so amazing. words cannot express the quality of food, but the service makes you feel like royalty. i'm an indian food junkey. i've tried food in several states and i still use utsav as the test subject and no restaurant matches up. quality and authenticity is their strong point. the location may fool you, but trust me when i say the food is delectable... this place is fantastic. so much so that we made a point to stop back by on our return trip. the staff is super pleasant and the food is wonderful. i live in nyc and utsav is probably beats out the restaurants there by far. wonderful flavors, impeccable service and a few chef specialties that you can't get anywhere else (omg the little spinach cup appetizer that has the cheese inside). traveled through the area and searched where to eat on the phone. saw rave reviews and made it the destination (vernon location).  wow... wish there was a restaurant like this within driving distance of my home! the service and authentic food were at a level i rarely experienced in connecticut. we started with lamb samosas, followed by balti gosht (lamb with red peppers) and aadu mappas (lamb with coconut). garlic naan complemented the meal. food is plentiful -- we left with containers to enjoy the following day. (additional container of rice was thoughtfully added to the bag.) very easy to find right off the highway, so utsav will make long car rides to massachusetts less tedious. this. place. is. awesome!!! got to eat so much food and try so many different dishes at the sunday lunch buffet. very small restaurant but it's worth the hype. i'm still new to indian food so for me it's only worth it to go to their lunch buffets.	1	0	1	0	0
 needing refreshment and a break during a long drive, our group stopped at panera bread as they are known to have gf options. we took a little bit of a wrong turn, thanks to our screwy gps, but found a gas station, refueled, asked directions, and found that panera is very close to the highway, so props for easy off/on access. in fact, as panera bread is located within a strip mall, and close to a shopping mall, there are lots of food options at this exit for hungry travelers.we stopped after the traditional lunch hour, and even so, the place was still very busy. one of the staff was occupied with asking people to try the fast-order kiosks, but we passed, as i needed to explain my gluten issues to an actual person. after some back and forth with my cashier, we settled on the green goddess cobb salad for me, and my traveling companions each got sandwiches, which they deemed very good. i ate half my salad -- quite tasty, and heaped with egg, avocado, bacon and chicken -- and the rest held up very well for a snack the next day.my only complaint - the seating area is long and narrow, which can be a little claustrophobic and difficult to navigate, although everyone was friendly and accommodating. restrooms are clean, and the staff was pleasant, they even helped carry our order out to our table. nice touch! what a welcome ray of sunshine awaited me at 6 am this morning. all of the employees greeted me warmly with huge smiles. bought bagels for the office and gift certificates for hemodialysis technician's week. and it goes without saying the bagels (assorted) and varieties of cream cheese were delicious. my particular favorite was the cinnamon bagels (loaded with crispy cinnamon bits) topped with honey nut cream cheese, omg-fantastic. as a teen i loved coming to this panera location. they always had fresh and tasty salads and sandwiches, and a fun fast-casual atmosphere. it was great to grab food that wasn't in the mall, too. however, in the years since the quality and cleanliness has really dropped. the past few times my soup has been lukewarm to cold, tables have been dirty, and it appears some repairs are needed on the booths. the staff has also been lackluster. they are lacking in friendliness and cheeriness. the areas of the restaurant that they can control seem to be the areas that are struggling the most. located right off the highway in a large strip mall, this place can get a little bit busy during peak travel times. it's also located at the bottom of a hill from a mall... so in mid december, it can get really crazy. despite that, the quick staff and ample seating space means you can usually find a table to grab a quick bite to eat.mostly this is your standard panera - though on the larger side. the staff is great about moving between roles as needed (something their layout allows) - so occasionally the line to order will get long as cashiers pivot to help get orders out. this means, after you order, a fairly consistent wait time for your food. not a bad perk - since you can get an accurate gauge of how long you'll be waiting just by looking at the line. skim to the bottom for my meals nutrition facts. there are two panera's in the area and this is my favorite by far. they have 4 registers so ordering is always fast. it was take out tonight because neither the wife or i felt like cooking. she got the pick two half frontega chicken panini and cup of chicken noodle soup i ordered the spicy thai chicken salad.when you think salad you think starter or appetizers, however this salad is a meal (and i'm a big fella). the thai chicken is spicy but the peanut butter sauce add perfect balance to the salad. panera gives you heaps of chicken and with a side (chips, bread or apple) it's more than enough for dinner. my wife obviously enjoyed her sandwich and soup as evidenced by her lack of sharing with her husband. i also took home a fresh loaf of sourdough bread because my young picky daughters absolutely devour it.all and all we love this panera, even if the parking is a nightmare sometimes. highly recommend. nutrition facts:spicy thai salad with chicken = 510 calorieshalf frontega chicken panini = 380 calscup of chicken noodle soup = 110 calsfrench baguette side = 180 cals the employees are constantly talking to one another and joking around the grills are extremely dirty that it leaves burn marks on the sandwiches. i have been to a few of these restaurants and i must say i have unfortunately had a very bad experience at the particular one. my wife and i stopped in for dinner since it was late and usually have good quick service. at this location it was far from quick and not even close to good. we walked in and went up to the counter. we were the only ones in line. we watch as 7 workers didn't acknowledge us for over 5 minutes. they must have been doing some kind of training. no one said a thing to us, not even some guy behind the counter with a shirt and tie (figured he was a manager but didn't act like one). finally someone from the back walked up, looked at us and asked if we were being help. i looked around and said no we have been standing here for a while now. she kinda apologized and finally took our order. figured it would be up hill from there but wrong. again they must have been doing training in both the front and the back.  we waited over 25 minutes for our food. never waited that long at any other location. considering it was late and slow this was horrible. we got another crappy apology. other than the shitty service the food was right on par. i'll never go back to this location. the one attached to the mall is much better. update: wife stated bathrooms were gross.. yuck!! the customer experience at this panera and other ones is very poor. this has been an ongoing issue for many years. i've spoken to local and regional mangers. each time, i'm left with a half hearted experience.in my last experience, i used the web ordering system. since you have to click on pictures and spell out the order, you'd figure this is fool proof. both times i've used it, the order was incomplete. in this case, it was a lowly order of bagels and tubs of cream cheese. when i picked up the order, the bagels were thrown in w bag and there were no cream cheese. the receipt said if the order was not correct, i'd get a treat. the clerk only offered a flat, "sorry about that," and handed the tubs over. the manager stood right by with no recognition. hard to get upset, i'm resigned to the dispassionate experience.the food is good and if someone could figure out to deliver food this good with even adequate customer service, panera would be out of business. let me start with the statement : if your front end is tiny and you're a busy store- you should have lines clearly marked. i just left this location and went to the starbucks across the street because of this, one employee on registers when it's obviously too busy for only one. i don't mind the older women in the wrong place went ahead of me, but to not acknowledge me with words and keep allowing people in the wrong place to order ahead of me? no. just no. reevaluate the procedure because i've worked tons of food jobs both full service and fast environments and that was the sloppiest half assed shit i have experienced at panera. i felt like i was in a dunkin staffed with high schoolers. we went at 6pm because we hadn't yet gone grocery shopping and they were either out of or didn't have something for 3 of the 4 meals we ordered. food is what you'd expect from panera.there were no croutons for the french onion soup, they were out bread to two of the paninis, had no chocolate milk, but that happens. i've been to this particular panera in manchester several times (probably more than any other panera in ct), since it's centrally located if i'm meeting friends, and we're driving from different parts of ct. this particular panera is usually busy, and on weekends (say, on saturdays, from noon to about 4 p.m.), the place will be buzzing and it will be difficult to find a table if you have 2-4 people in your party. on one visit, i ordered the new ancient grain, arugula & chicken salad - and they completely left off the chicken altogether. on another occasion, we placed a "rapid pick-up" order only to find that they had locked their doors about 20 minutes before closing. we knocked and pounded on the door, as it was evident there were plenty of people who were still at the counters and one or two cleaning, but we were ignored. if it weren't for a customer exiting the premises, we don't know how we would have been able to pick up our take-out order. (plus, there is no separate pick-up window, so if there happens to be a long line or wait, you'll have to wait along with everyone else. so much for "rapid" pick-up.)my first choice for "fast" food is panera. i've learned from multiple visits that if i need to dine-in relatively quickly, this panera may not be the best one to go to. that said, on more than one occasion we have placed large customized orders, and they completed those orders correctly (despite locking the doors to the restaurant even though it was only 20 minutes to closing time). in general, panera's food (for fast food) is 3 to 4 stars for taste and convenience; the food at this panera is about as good as most other panera restaurants, but the service is very spotty here. so i'd rate this particular panera only 2.5 stars. mcdonalds is across the srreet. why would anyone go there when they can have healthy food for the same money great food as always, we all have our favorites. the cash registers needed to be spaced out. i think there were 6 in all and they were only using the first 3. i could not hear anything and neither could the person taking our order. multiple people shouting orders was huge turn off, plus infringing on my personal space to do it. very uncomfortable. if the food wasn't so good.... management should space those out and use them if they're there. :( as usual at lunchtime you are hunting for a table but this is how it is at all of the paneras. def returning to panera, just not that one. i go to this panera location often, usually just for their coffee, since it's the best buy in town. although the quality and taste of the coffee is not greatest, for less than 2.50, you can drink endless cups of it, sit and read or work, or meet up with a friend. this place always seems very crowded, and the employees seem efficient. parking, at times, can be a nightmare...but that's the design of the parking lot, not the fault of panera. upon arrival the line moves quickly towards the register and the clerk accurately takes the order along with your money. then it's a crap shoot whether or not you get what was ordered. i have given up on panera because the "cooks" are incompetent and incapable of putting together a simple salad. either there are missing ingredients or unwanted items added to the order. mr. panera, your process is broken, at least at this location. i absolutely love the rapid pick-up that they offer online. i've just started ordering from here about a week ago and my orders are always correct and ready on time.today i came in to pick up my order and somehow my order was misplaced. i ordered the wild berry smoothy (which is amazing) and the mac and cheese (which is equally amazing). the manager quickly apologized, had my order re-made, smoothie and all. the staff are great, the food is amazing, and the management is wonderful. the manager was maybe australian, maybe from new zealand, very charming and warm. i've now started ordering my lunch here every day. definitely a great place! okay i really would like to give them 4 stars and things happen so my next trip into town i will review them again. got there right at 6 am and was met at the door and was told no manager showed up so they couldn't sell any food what a bummer i waited a while in the parking lot still no manager i drove across the street and got a starbucks latte and noticed people were going into panera. i really wanted to get some bagels so i drove back and had a great employee complete my order and thanked me for coming back so all is good. i wonder if they will have a back up plan next time the manager over-sleeps lol very busy day at panera. staff was still super friendly and fast service. only issue was they only have two bathrooms with long lines and they couldn't keep up with cleaning tables. a little disorganized in the dinning room. this place was dirty. i started in the bathroom. it was unusable. the floor was filthy in the food area, which is visible to everyone. the cashier was playing with money at her register while waiting on me. then my sandwich was thrown together with out care. i was traveling but i definitely won't return to this panera. i love panera. i go to this location several times a month. the trick is to eat in. both times i have ordered it to go the order has been wrong. both times i called the manager and was promised a gift card. both times i have not received my giftcard. fail.but despite this, the new broth bowls are incredible. the mediterranean flatbread is delicious. i love the chicken power bowl.the food prep area is a little questionable in terms of cleanliness. sometimes this store is okay. however if they are at all busy your food will be throw together so quick. sandwiches are so sloppy, no care is put into the food making. met some friends here for lunch on a recent saturday. i am used to the quiet ambiance of the panera in rocky hill and was not expecting the level of commotion that i encountered upon entering this location. luckily our friends arrived before us and snagged a table, but i noticed several people circling the seating area, soups and sandwiches in hand, searching for a place to sit. i will agree with amy c. this panera needs to improve their ordering/pick up system. it's a frenzied and disorganized and i actually stood in the wrong (bakery v. cafe) ordering line for several minutes before i realized my error. however, once i hopped over to the correct line, our orders were quickly taken and executed.  i also agree that the calorie counts for some of the menu items are unbelievably high - but the employees i encountered were very accommodating with my menu modifications.the frenzied atmosphere of the restaurant was also reflected in the employees who executed our order and because of that (i hope) the appearance of our food reflected that. i was, however, pleasantly surprised that the manager was assisting both the employees and patrons in the pick-up area and he took the time both answer a question i had about their salad dressings as well as to assist in bringing our order back to our table. the manager (sean??) told us that this panera location is always very, very busy around 1pm on saturday due to its location (minutes off i-84) and that many families come to grab a quick bite after morning sporting events. they try and expedite the food as quickly as possible so that they can keep turning the tables over but ultimately the can't (and don't) kick people out who linger.i give this location 3 stars because although the food (especially my husband's toasted asiago roast beef sandwich) did not look pretty, it was all very tasty especially the chicken noodle soup which was comforting on a cold february day. i find it curious that there are two panera locations within a walk of each other. is it really necessary to have two locations, one at the mall, and one at the outskirts of the general buckland hills area? especially considering 20% of the storefronts in buckland hills are now vacant or occupied temporarily by seasonal halloween, christmas, and 4th of july operations...panera's very good, they clearly have a good business model. breakfast, lunch, and dinner are equally honored here, and you can do it for less than 10 bucks a person.since we're more than 50 miles from new york, finding a real bagel is like finding a capable quarterback on the new york jets... so i begrudgingly must admit that this is one of the better places in town to get a bagel. and every other bread/bread-like substance is here too. croissants, danishes, cookies, brownies, muffins, boules, baguettes, you get the deal.final thought: the soups. most of them are great. i especially love the black bean, which is a healthy option while simultaneously hearty and flavorful. a sound choice all around. we visit panera bread for breakfast, most of the weekends. the staff is cool, friendly and fast no matter how crowded. the tickets go in fast and the orders are out quickly. i have been to a few panera bread in hartford but this branch stands at its best :)im a huge fan for their donuts, have a huge variety to pick. they are tasty and not much hard, compared to dunkin donuts. huge spread of the breads n pastries, fresh always n never disappointed. my husband loves the mediterranean sandwich. it has a light pesto sauce with egg whites on it n with some spinach. the tomato basil panni n jalapeno bread these both make me crave for "panera bread".apart from the above mentioned they do have soups, salads, coffees, teas, milkshakes, n the list goes on. today, after huge lines at our top 2 choices, boyfriend and i went panera for a quick bite. really disappointed:black bean soup: like 14 beans in it....just broth.chicken noodle soup: at most 3 noodles, maybe 3 chunks of chicken...pretty much just broth.ancient grain salad with chicken: all and all good, but found 3 small pieces of bacon in it...not an ingredient that's supposed to be there and a religious violation for many (although not me...i just ate it since i was starving due to lack of beans).turkey cranberry flat bread: it's small, but that's ok. just really insufficient amount of turkey.apples were as expected...apples. the chicken frontega with greek salad is my favorite meal at panera. it seems that recently they stopped asking you what you wanted to have with your dish (chips/bread/apple). instead to save time at the cashier, they are guessing for you! that was pretty upsetting. aside from that the panera experience is pretty unique. this panera is always a madhouse, but it is a good stopping between northern nj and boston. also a better alternative to rein's (ugh) and katz's deli in new haven. loving the new rapid order process. it has made take out sooooo much easier. it is a great quick pick after a busy day of work. better than mcdonalds, but still a chain restaurant. there were a good assortment of sandwiches, salads and soups for lunch. the food was good. the portions were big. the calorie counts were impressive. a safe, if uninspiring bet. organized, clean, friendly staff. always good, panera!	1	1	1	1	0
 first visit here for myself and the hubby, we've driven by too many times to count and i've always wanted to stop.  our waitress was really great: friendly, attentive and quick. the garlic bread came with some marinara sauce to dip it in (love that)!  both of us ordered from the specials menu (as a wise waiter once told me "order a special, the stuff on the menu is always here"). i was on the fence about the chicken pot pie special, but the waitress promised it was delicious, and she was right! yum gravy, nice pastry on top, and just the right amount of chicken and veggies.  to finish it off the hubby and i shared a hand filled cannoli that was perfect (their filling was the perfect texture and sweetness).i'm only giving it 4 stars until i can come back and try a few more items on the menu (the pot roast dish someone next to us ordered looked great).we'll be back :) i've only ever done take-out so i can't comment on the dine-in experience. the pizza is average. we've tried the house special, meat lover's, and vegetarian pizza. on average, they were just ok -- nothing to write home about. as far as service is concerned, the take-out experience is polite and agreeable. pricing is comparable to other pizzerias in the area. i've lived in manchester for twelve years and passed rocco's a bazillion times, but it took the powers of yelp to tell me to this little italian restaurant was last-minute date night friendly, and not the super fancy restaurant it appears to be from the street. rocco's main parking lot is located in the back of the building, and you walk past the pick up window, into the bar, and then kind of have to linger awkwardly in the server station area until someone sees you to seat you. it didn't take long, but with three other couples waiting, it was uncomfortable. the front of house waiting area isn't any better. you're kind of in the way no matter how you try to shift around the busy servers.once we were seated, the server was mildly attentive, forgetting basics like silverware and napkins. i had to ask him to speak up several times. he was fine, but i wish i didn't have to wait for forks to eat our salads, after we were already half way through our wine. i ordered the rocco's eggplant parmesan. it was a hearty order of fried eggplant, topped with mozzarella and sauce, next to a small portion of from-the-box penne. for the price, it was a ton of moderately good food. my date ordered the ravioli special that night and also felt fine about it. with so many top-notch restaurants in the area, serving up homemade goodness with spectacular service, i can't say i'd stop by rocco's again anytime soon, though there wasn't anything particularly bad about my experience. stopped in for lunch, and sat at the bar. a waitress yelled at me (didn't come over) from across the place, "be right with you!" i washed up and sat back down. fifteen minutes later, she still hadn't come over, nor did anyone else. no water, no menu, nothing. no presence at the hostess station and no one at the bar (which is the way in from the car park).by the way, i counted a total of five customers at three tables on my way to and from the w.c. we were looking for a last minute, local, casual but nice resturant for date night. found rocco's on yelp and decided to give it a try. from the outside it looks rather fancy but inside it is more of a nice casual place. the parking is in back of the building and there is plenty of it. we were greeted immediately when we walked in the door and seated right away. our waitress was very friendly and attentive. we never needed to track her down if we needed a drink or more napkins because she was back to check on us frequently. i would give the atmosphere, service, cleanliness a 4-5 stars. the food is where i was mildly disappointed. the portion sizes were huge! i'm pretty sure i had a pound of pasta in my bowl. which i love big portions, who doesn't want leftovers for tomorrow?!  i had the linguine with clams and i felt like it was very bland. the pasta and clams were well cooked but it was missing something. maybe just not enough seasoning. i would have to say in the food department rocco's was just ok. had not been here in a long time. good service food was excellent. my wife and daughter enjoyed there meals reasonable priced. i would go back good service. boneless wings very good. greek pizza excellent; nice crust with very good quality feta cheese. regular entrees look my girlfriend and i had only went there for take-out only, which was always good for a quick hot grinder on the go. the other night, we decided to stay local and with a italian craving.. we tried rocco's sit down dining. we are kicking ourselves for wasting a year not trying this place sooner. she had a spinach and onion calzone...she loved it and had left-overs for days!! i had the rachel sandwich on a grilled pretzel roll and loved it as well!! service was outstanding. we look forward to eating there soon!! first of all i will never go back there again and neither will my family and friends after what happened to me tonight. first of all i was over charged then i asked to speak to a manager and was hung up on then when i called back the manager whom i think was the owner couldn't who couldn't even figure the sales tax out correct started to get belligerent with me on the phone and yelling at me. wow with that kind if customer service they will never stay in business. the old owners were alway polite and nice. went to dinner with daughter with a long time staple in manchester. newer owners in the last 6 months and wow do they have to fix many items. all food frozen and not seasoned. poor quality food , staff was ok but not great. 39.00 dollars for 2 people no alcohol really ! too bad it's centrally located and is one of only "sit down" restaurant on that side of town. it is too bad due to the fact that when paganni's owned it and the last owner it was awesome and fresh ! not anymore !! if i'm in ct, i'm going to rocco's for a pizza. to me, some of the best pizza ever. i had a pasta dish their once, which was good, but their pizza is where it's at. always friendly and pleasant staff. just be sure you're going in the entrance and out the exit. very narrow and the signs are small. i've never had an issue but other people seem to. good food, very rushed service. surprised result after all the good reviews. staff was much more interested in closing than service and it was only 8:00. no bread served with italian food? too many other places to try. kitchen is great as they always work hard to accommodate the guest, eggplant parm was good example as they put on less of the sauce when asked. eggplant itself was perfectly cooked. sauted veggies in place of salad/pasta very well done. problem is atmosphere. very loud group in middle of restaurant ruined dinner. this is third time this has happened and to be honest makes me question if i would go back. this is one of my restaurants in manchester. i appreciate the variety on the menu. they have pizza, grilled entrees, pasta dishes, and some incredibly delicious salads. their corned beef & cabbage served around st. patrick's day is especially good. i've never had a bad meal here. if there's ever an issue with anything, the waitstaff will figure out a way to fix it without you even having to ask. it's a cozy, friendly restaurant and great for dining in, and they offer a takeout service as well. we've been back 1,000 times, give or take. it's our go-to place in manchester! the pizza here is really good. i loved the ambiance and the service was decent .. loved the location. i went here a few times when i lived in mansfield my family & i went there for lunch, and was greeted by a nice and friendly waitress. the restaurant sports a nice, clean,updated and pleasant atmosphere.lunch was quiet, but who's complaining, there's nothing worse for me than eating in a lunch hall full of people talking...so, we had a nice enjoyable lunch with excellent conversation!the waitress ordered our ice teas and we were ready to order lunch. note: they do not have a lunch menu, but they do have sandwiches available. i can only speak for myself, because i forgot what my wife ordered (though she did say it was very good), i took advantage of their "build your own pasta bowl"..and had fun with it!don't you love it when you have so many options when it comes to building your own dinner??i chose for rocco's marinara sauce (very tasty) with penne pasta. then for my extra add ons i chose: sausage & onions...by the way, this came with a cool little salad which i ate in a matter of seconds being a side dish. there balsamic vinaigrette dressing was excellent and made from scratch! once salad was done, our lunch/dinner came right out.as i dove into it, i couldn't find the sausage. i was expecting it to be sliced up and mixed evenly throughout the dish, but what unexpectedly happened was the entire sausage was hidden under a bed of penne marinara sauce & micro sliced onions. there dish was about 3'' deep, so i had to go digging for the sausage, but finally found it in whole, and once i cut into it and tasted it, my mouth watered up!! i loved it and it truly was worth the extra $$...the micro onions were another fantastic addition $$ as well and was happy that i treated myself to this "build your own pasta bowl".after finishing up, the waitress asked us for dessert but we declined because we were stuffed!!! i even tried a bit of my daughter's pizza and it was delicious too! the bottom line is, go there for dinner, the vibe will be better (more crowded). you will really enjoy just about anything from their nice menu of dinners. don't forget, they do have pizza & grinder service in the back. you can call in, and pick up pizza anytime!!!if you enter from the back parking area, you will first walk into there nice bar area, just past the pizza/grinder pickup door. the bar is very welcoming for friends, doing business between friends, or just a single person relaxing with a bowlful of peanuts sitting at the bartop. two regular tv's are there for your viewing pleasure as well.the owner of this restaurant is as nice as can be!!!! we love you erica! keep up the great work!!! i live in the neighborhood so i've been a dozen times. the service is always friendly and attentive. the food is really just ok to good (my parents like it but they're very unadventurous when it comes to food. besides, this isn't their review, so sorry roccos!) i am surprised that roccos pizza could be someone's favorite: it's just not for me. the crust is thick and chewy and the sauce is nothing special. that being said, i prefer greasy, thin crust pizza so maybe i'm in the minority here. i can't knock them for personal preference. so here's my real issue: the pasta is disappointing - i'd even go so far as to say shameful. i love and cherish pasta and i have had some really good pasta dishes - so i know bad pasta from good pasta. this is pretty bad. i don't eat meat, so i always order just reliable ol' pasta and marinara. how can an italian restaurant mess that up, right? well, for one, the pasta is definitely not made in house, is not even "fresh" refrigerated pasta, but seems to me (pasta detective here) to be your run of the mill, grocery store 99 cent box of noodles. they might even rinse the noodles (*gasp*) because the sauce doesn't stick and the noodles are slippery. the marinara is always disappointing, (i mean somehow the sauce tastes to me like bread - its not spicy or sweet or interesting... it's very plain but not even as good as ya know, jarred ragu) and i always hate myself for ordering it because i could really do better for less money at home, but i always make the mistake because a) i'm lazy and b) i'm hopeful that things will magically change. i love me some noodles and sauce and this is the only leftover pasta to ever survive in the refrigerator long enough to get thrown out. try anything else on the menu. seriously. in addition to pizza and wings, the menu is vast and able to be personalized in many ways. there are appetizers, salads, italian classics, fish entrees, bbq ribs, chops, steaks, sandwiches and a kids' menu. from make-your-own pasta-bowls, to choosing from a dozen burger toppings, to customizing your entre with a choice of add-ins and/or proteins, rocco's aims to please. read more at: acoupleinthekitchen.us/2 we had a great date night at rocco's! we went on a monday night and discovered it was half price wing night. this is a wonderful deal, and their wings are pretty well priced at full price so the half off was awesome. my boyfriend tried the wings and said they could have been hotter but overall they were a great size and really crunchy.i was in the mood for a hearty pasta dish so i got the linguine with clam sauce. it was a huge portion with nice big fresh clams. i also asked for some bread for dipping and they heated up a few rolls for me! our server bridgette was really great and attentive. after dinner we went to the bar for a cocktail on our way out. i'm not sure if i would recommend the bar area...it seemed crowded, a lot of regulars having loud inappropriate conversations...we may have just hit it on an off night. we have heard wonderful things about rocco's and i will absolutely be back to this little manchester restaurant. they have a nice outside seating area that i can't wait to take advantage of! the restaurant it's close to me, so grab some lunch or dinner. *locationwow. been open four log time i know. the restaurant locate it on little busy street. so you need to park on back restaurant. park spot big.* foodtry so buffalo wings and buffalo chicken pizza and salads. taste perry good.  don't have to wait 4 food the log. need like 10 to 15min. menu has a lot of alrighty. chicken, salads, pizza, pasta, burgers, sandwiches and more. they have a full bar and tv's.*servicei can tell you nice and friendly. can't be more happy. our first visit to rocco's was inspired by the good reviews on yelp. we love italian food and are always looking for new places to try. all four of us were all new to rocco's and eager to try their dinner entrees. we ordered an eggplant parm, chicken parm, spinach pie with chips and veggies, and a calamari fra diavlo. the bread served before our meals was delicious, and the side salads that came with three of the entrees were adequate. the dressing is brought to the table in its own bottle- which is a wonderful idea. the entrees arrived hot and everything looked delicious. looks can be deceiving. the marinara sauce on both parms was overly sweet. a side of alfredo noodles was swimming in sauce. the fra diavlo sauce was thin and lacking in flavor, the calamari was soft and unseasoned. the whole wheat penne noodles were overcooked and not al dente. we went from excited and happy to disappointed all around.the thought of bringing the leftovers home wasn't appealing to any of us. we were all disappointed and unable to think of why we would return. rocco's didn't live up to our expectations. it's not that one dish was a horrible disaster - they all were. love these independent places! great staff here , delicious food . the buffalo chicken salad is one of the best anywhere. everything tastes fresh , and unique! rocco's has everything in a restaurant we love! wonderful owners - you'll find the wife seating people, cleaning tables, and leading by example. delicious food! comfortable seats (plenty of booths). and lot's of other happy customers (fri, sat you may have to wait if you don't get their by 6pm). my favorite (it's often hard for me to stray) is the pasta bowl. their bolognese sauce tastes fresh, tomatoey and sweet. it's hard to decide between the eggplant and chicken parm so we often order both and split them. (we have another delicious dinner the next night). for lunch, try the margarita pizza and the greek chopped salad with romaine, cucumbers, feta, olives, scallions with wonderful fresh dill and balsamic dressing. we usually get the same server, bridgette, who always let's us know the latest drink specials and remembers what we like. if you love italian, want a nice steak, chops or some fresh seafood, try this place. if you care about paying a ton to be seen - go to caveys (right next door) but if you want a warm, really friendly, tasty meal with other likeminded people, go to rocco's. i've been here plenty of times. the pizza is delicious but they messed up my order. i got a veggie burger with no cheese they gave me cheese. i'm lactose intolerant...so i scraped the cheese off and ate it anyway. the bun was tasteless, it tasted like white bread. not only this, but the bun was so big i could hardly taste the veggie burger. the veggie burger in itself didn't take great anyway. their pizza will always be my favorite. everything else...well... had a great dinner , our waitress, "kelsey" was very pleasant and professional great food, staff, and of course yummy food! we went to rocco's for my sisters birthday and there was 15. service was awesome and food came out all at the same time. good service great food and awesome service! try it this is the best italian place around!! have been there quite a few times and have tried a lot of different dishes, nothing was less than great!! their sauces are great especially the tomato sauce. great chicken parm, eggplant parm and chicken marsala!! the service is also great with an obviously experienced wait staff, not hired because the owner thinks they have a great behind!! i would recommend rocco's to anyone into italian food. a friend of mine says it's the only place in the area he'll bring his parents who are both from italy!! i think that says something! i say forget the olive garden and support a great local business! some of the best wings and drinks in ct! they bartenders and staff make this restaurant great. good local restaurant offering a wide range of food from sandwiches, burgers, and pasta. family friendly and crowded during prime dinner time. i have been to rocco's a bunch of times and overall the food is consistent, good, traditional italian. however, this was the first time i went with a large group and i have to say, the service was not good for a large party. the bar seemed to have a hard time handling cocktails for a group of 11 and the waitress couldn't keep our orders straight. that said, we got everything we ordered and most people loved their dishes although we all though it was a bit overpriced.the canollis are top-notch - if that is what i was rating i would give it 5 stars.	1	0	1	1	0
 i'm basing this review off of two things: chicken wings and customer service. our family loves chicken wings and we wanted to try a new place because we have had some terrible luck with our wing consumption lately. these wings are without a doubt within the top 5 wings in the manchester area. they are juicy, they are tasty, and they fill you up right; not to mention, you can easily clear a few angry birds levels on the porcelain throne the following day with ease. the wings are a must. you're a fool not to try. the customer service is excellent. elizabeth is always very nice and talkative, and had an inviting personality and humble attitude that makes you want to go back and try other things... or at least make biweekly wing night into a family event. go give this place a fair shot and i promise you won't be disappointed. become a regular. 3.5 starslg 'veggie pizza', tasty, good tppings, light generic dough/crust.lg 'veal parm grinder', good size, bread, taste.we went on a $20 groupon, made it more worth it.clean, nice seating area inside, bathroom ok. wanted to try a new place since quality consistency is an issue with some places. we ordered through grub hub. i wasted over $30 on 2 "giant" ham grinders and cheese fries. stale bread, grinder was not "giant" compared to the standard in the area. order was inaccurate. (asked for no tomatoes)!poor quality ingredients. there are at least 10 other places in the area that have better food on there worst day. i order grinders from various shops around here for years. this is by far the worst. save your money. try another spot. first time here and the last for sure. omg...i must echo the review of b.w.p. of 1/23/17. i had the same experience. pizza was worst than any frozen box pizza i have ever had. crust was not cooked, only slightly browned. looking at the bottom of the crust, you could see what appeared to be production hold indentations. definitely not hand made pizza dough. stay away from the pizza. don't know about the rest of the food. maybe if one spends more than $5.00 on 2 slices w/soda, you may receive better? had the lunch special, 2 slices of pizza and a drink. the pizza tastes worse than a frozen pizza from the grocery store and very greasy. crust was 100% previously frozen. can't speak to other food offerings. for pizza, look elsewhere. i've orderd from here using grubhub a handful of times and it's consistent. i wouldn't give it 5 stars for every order but it's always pretty good. tonight i got a steak and cheese grinder and pizza with garlic. both things far exceeded my highest hopes, they were delicious. i'll continue to order from them if they keep this up, i haven't tried their wings yet, which are supposed to be very good. this is your casual italian american pizza delivery place that does things right. excellent delivery and very good pizza . we've ordered from small to party size and the quality never changes. salads are great too! i ordered food fro here. it was fresh and tasty. delivery time was accurate. portion was big. i would recommend this place! we got home from vacation and did not feel like cooking. had a menu in the mail from edy's ii. menu claimed under new management. we decided to give it a try. probably the worst pizza ever and a roast beef grinder that wasn't very good either. the pizza was under cooked, had little crust and tasted basically like a box of ellio's. actually, ellio's taste better. the grinder was disappointing. no flavor, old bread, blah!  horrible all around! if i could give it zero stars, i would. great food!! generous portions. decent prices and the best customer service. will be a regular customer stopped here for lunch while i was in the area - the pizza was extremely greasy and not that great, and the ambiance is pretty lousy. we really like edi's. grinders are terrific as are the wings. also we love the convenience of ordering through the yelp app instead of calling. they also have extremely friendly delivery drivers. what a happy surprise! i ordered delivery from edi's during a stay at a local hotel. i was expecting an average meal. instead i had one of the best burgers i've eaten in a long time and truly excellent onion rings.and, i don't know how they did it, but everything was hot!bravo, edi's, for a tasty end to a very long day. next time i'm in hartford, i'll visit in person! edi's is a favorite of mine. i travel for work and am only back home in ct a couple weekends a month, but i always try to find time to stop in for some rigatoni bolognese! the sauce is the best i've ever had, the pasta never overcooked or mushy, a dollop of fresh ricotta on top... the ingredients fresh and flavorful. edi really knows what he's doing. the cioppino, chicken francaise and penne a la vodka are great also.one of my favorite reasons to keep coming back here is the great homemade dressing... it's tart and tangy and goes great with the oven hot roll and olive oil that comes with each meal.while i haven't had the pizza here, i can't imagine it's anything other than great. while the wait for the food can be a little lengthy, it's always worth it because you know edi is making your meal fresh, and to order.there are usually a couple specials listed on the board by the door, my favorite is the corn chowder. the owner mauricio is awesome! so accommodating.. and really cares about his customers and the quality of the food.. he has many of times brought a dessert as a little extra something! definitely recommend this place to everyone!! i really wanted to like this place. the owner was very nice and seems like he could really be a success. unfortunately, the pizza is one of the worst i have had in the area. it just had no taste. i give it 2 stars because of the friendly owner. i had the eggplant parm it was the perfect italian comfort food. the sauce tasted homemade. :) a little on the pricer side but the food is really good. extremely nice people working there. especially elizabeth! we had a large crowd from out of town who needed a lot of food quickly. they accommodated us and the food was delicious! got a margarita pizza for take out. pretty good hot but even better next day cold for breakfast. will go again. my husband and i have been there a few times now, both for eat in and take out. we've also tried both the pizza and the italian dinners and they were both great. very fresh ingredients. the service was friendly and prompt, the restaurant is very clean, and the prices are very reasonable. we live not too far from edi's and are very happy we stumbled upon it. definitely a local favorite of ours. the original owner has sold the business so my initial review is now obsolete. i have heard that the new owner will not be using edi's recipes. i mostly come here for the mussels, they're always greats, and you get a hearty portion .. i've had grinders and some pasta dishes and they have been great too.. edi always comes out and greets us,and the staff is always friendly! ive never eaten their pizza but the 2 pasta dishes i get over and over are amazing. the edi's baked pacheri and the bucatini are to die for. do not calorie count. i work down the street and pick this up on my home for dinner often this review is based on one visit and a take out order only. on the plus side the staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean bright and inviting. walked in for take out. there was a party of five just receiving their order and two other patrons waiting for their dine in order. all had ordered pasta dishes and their orders appeared to be inviting and served in hearty portions. all appeared to be enjoying their meals.i ordered two 1/2 steak and cheese grinders. the menus indicate half grinders are 8 inches and the whole grinders are 12 inches. i purposefully ordered two halves for the larger portion as opposed to a whole. i also ordered two large pizzas. the first was a sausage and roasted peppers while the second was a margherita. we had some discussion on the margherita since edi's style is a white pie as opposed to the traditional red with fresh basil and fresh mozzarella. the server explained that the chef could prepare a traditional style pie with the red sauce. i was advised the order would be ready in 25 minutes.i ducked out to get groceries and gas and was back in twenty minutes. after another twenty minutes the server advised me my order would be right out. after another ten minutes i was asked what i wanted on my steak grinders. another 15 minutes and i received my order. total time 70 minutes and oh by the way, no other customers entered during my wait.as to the quality of the order itself, more bad news. my two half grinders at 8 inches were only 6 inches though i was charged for the larger serving size. while prepared to order (they did add the roasted peppers) and the ingedients were fresh, the steak was grizzly and mostly inedible.both the large pizzas when compared to other's in the area (anna's-golden pizza etc.) i would rank as medium in size. the pizzas are hard to catergorize. the crust is not thin or new york style by any means. it also isn't the greek style traditonally found in central ct. the crust is light and airy and clearly freshly prepared. my problem is it lacks substance and any suggestion of yeast. the sausage lacked pop, the roasted peppers were ok and light on the amount of mozzarella.the margherita was a total failure. fresh mozzarella was absent, the fresh basil consisted of three leafs, the sauce was acidic and the pie was way over cooked.total cost was $48.12. that's a hefty amount for two medium sized pies and a grinder, more so when compared to the local competiton. we won't be back. i haven't had a chance to eat very broadly at this place, just a salad during a quick lunch with my son. i do think it's worth mentioning, however, that there is some interesting stuff on this menu. there are a lot of mostly take-out pizza joints in town, and this looks to be yet another, but there was a surprisingly depth of unconventional pasta and seafood dishes. cioppino stands out in my memory, though there were quite a few more. my only concern is that with the amount of sit-down dinner business they get, it would be difficult to keep such a broad menu in stock and fresh. however, i haven't had a chance to judge yet, and i give them a lot of credit just for trying. it's a rare and pleasant surprise in manchester to see an italian-american restaurant take any risks at all with their food. i sincerely hope it works out here. thought the pizza here was great and have been several times since they recently opened. but we ordered for delivery the other day and after waffling back and forth on whether or not they wanted to bother with us, since it was 10 p.m. (they close at 10:30), they decided against it...we only live five minutes away, so that sort of rubbed us the wrong way. im sure you wouldn't want to go to a place that has no respect for its patrons. the guy who runs this place is a joke to hospitality. i love to encourage small businesses flourish in this economy but this place does not deserve my time or money. i go to the community college down the street from here and ive always wanted to try this place. i'm glad i did! i ordered a sausage grinder for lunch and the sauce was amazing and they even gave me a cup of pasta on the side! decent prices, and inconsistent food. the first couple of times i came here the food was great. after that, i have been less impressed wit each visit. the owner still comes out to greet his guests, which is a nice touch, but does not make up for a mediocre meal. we haven't given up on this place yet.	1	1	1	0	0
 this place has the same spread as any other asian buffet. the nice things about this place is it sits large groups of people, has a nice bar menu, is very clean, the staff is nice, and it dies offer some american cuisine. although it can get a bit pricey without you realising it. nothing special besides the margaritas and koy fish. service was decent. food was mostly warm. some was ok some was not. not someplace i will choose to spend my money. food was okay. but the establishment wasn't clean at all. also the sushi looked to have been out all day not covered at all with no wait staff in the sushi or hibachi station! these pictures are of the disgusting ladies bathroom! it was soooo bad my daughter cried to get out quick! for comedic value and maybe something to think about: on april 3, 2016: police said two people were arrested after a fight over crab legs in a buffet line.not the best, not quite the worst.tired, hungry and too lazy too cook -- we decided to settle on a chinese buffet for dinner. like others have noted, you are definitely sacrificing quality for quantity at buffets and royal buffet is definitely no different. overall this place is huge, plenty of seating. in terms of food: there are 8 steam tables, and an area for "hibachi" and "sushi". more than half of those steam tables though are questionable and things you really shouldn't gorge yourself on at a chinese buffet (pizza, nuggets, stuffed mushrooms, artichoke dip, 4 types of fried shrimp..) much of the selection is ridiculously fried, and/or greasy too. after 3 plates of bok choy, broccoli, spare ribs, and grilled chicken -- i had enough and the battle of eating my money's worth was happily lost. i surrendered and accepted defeat with relief.like most things, the seafood is really salty. as for the sushi/sashimi? eat at your own risk.fyi- lunch: 11am-315pm ($8.49) - dinner 3-930pm ($14.49) we have gone to this restaurant for more than 15 years. usually takeout because of my disability. our favorites include chicken on a stick, mushrooms in sauce, broccoli and chicken, spring rolls,string beans, general tsao's chicken and pork. the apple pie is excellent but not enough room for it in my box. always fresh food coming out and are there weekdays. oh....then the wontons..how could i forget? i usually get about 10, so, so good. a lot of seafood on the buffet here. everything was fresh and tasty. plates were cleared very fast. the only downfall is that the waitress stood right next to me while i filled out the receipt presumably to see how much she was getting tipped. i would go here again and if you are in the mood for buffet, i recommend trying this one. i have to say i am very upset with how this place has changed. the royal buffet used to be one of my family's favorite places to come eat. however, they have really dropped the ball. the quality of the food has gotten worse since our last visit. low quality. customer service is not a thing. waitresses just look at you like if you're not supposed to be there & wait for you to say something. truly disappointed. the service is horrible i was sat down with my wife and asked "what you want" like food duh then we rushed the whole entire time i just didn't feel comfortable. never again !!! i mean, there aren't many ways to mess up a buffet. lol. don't go in there expecting amazing service. just don't, then you'll be just fine. our waters stayed full and the food was incredible. be careful trying to monitor when the crab legs come out, they're normally gone within seconds. i love coming here though. $14.49 for dinner sunday through saturday. the food was cold, place looks like is falling apart. i was quite disappointed honestly. do not recommend it this place is above average compared to other asian buffets in the area (misaki, sakura garden @hartford, royal buffet in willimantic etc)i have been here several times ever since my first meal here nearly two years ago. the food didn't change much over time, nor the quality.they have over 50 dishes out there at once (they refill all the trays in a timely fashion so that the food is fresh :] ) and they also have hibachi and small sushi bar- a good amount to choose from. but this place specializes in seafood (chinese style of course) and have a good amount of salad, veggies and fruit there to balance everyone's diet! every time i eat here, i will have multiple plants of seafood, especially oysters. its fresh and the raw food is maintained at a low temperature. their calamari salad was awesome too! my favorite dish other than the two above is the stir fried clams! i can never have enough of those!i always have a bowl of egg drop soup and a plate of bok choy after eating those awesome seafood so that i don't get a upset stomach afterwards :)overall, a good deal for $13 at night, approximately $10 for lunch. i just had to leave this place because the food, which had been in the steam tables for god knows how long, was ice cold!! the pans themselves were even cold leading me too believe the food had been there for quite some time. when i mentioned the temperature to the manager he said he knew and he just turned the tables on. shouldn't they have been on the whole time?? after speaking to the manager and telling him we were leaving without paying he merely said "ok". now. i never write reviews and most certainly not bad ones but this was just ridiculous!! never going back!! it's a great buffet. there are a ton of buffet tables and so the possibilities are endless. i went with my family and they were all happily stuffed. my parents are a ton of crab legs and clams and the waitresses didn't give them the stink eye, which i thought was amusing. the owner introduced himself, which i thought was very pleasant. nice place! i'd say a typical for a large (lots of dishes) chinese buffet. it was clean, the food was hot, and they kept the food warmers full. $7.99 including tea. the place can sit a lot of people, so i doubt there are any issues with seating. like most buffets the beef was from a cut i'm unfamiliar with. very chewy. suggestion: stick to the chicken, shrimp, and veggies....avoided ice cream, it looked like it had melted and was re-frozen.... absolutely disgusting! bathroom trash overflowing, floors smelled of urine and were wet, used tampon on the floor. koi pond at the entrance with floating trash. food selection fair and of buffet quality with nothing that really stands out above and beyond other buffets. cost over $57 for two adults and two children before tip. i will never go back! absolutely disgusted with appearance and price for such a lousy dining experience. food was plentiful and fresh. raw bar was 5 star restaurant quality. thousand times better than misaki buffett. service was fast. enjoy eating here once a week and one thing i do have is the tea. the server came back with my tea and a coffee cup. i don't like to drink tea out of a coffee cup. ask her for the other cup, she said they don't have any more. told her to have one washed just for me. she came back with one. also saw a kid eating from the server tray. totally not good, where are the parents. this would be a good way to get people sick. management should observe more than they do. i took my 2 1/2 year old and 5 year old in order to expose them to chinese food. i liked the idea that they would be able to see the food and pick out what appealed to them. since this was a learning adventure, i also selected some foods they wouldn't have otherwise been drawn to. good thing i did that, as the youngest one loved the pan fried dumplings. they didn't come with any sauce, but they were pretty decent. neither kid cared for the honey chicken, which seemed too fatty and overly breaded. flavor, good. texture, meh.the fresh fruit was a big hit with my girls, as was the ice-cream portion of the buffet: chocolate, strawberry, mint chocolate chip and coconut. we ate our ice cream with macaroons that were sharing the billing with some other confections, which looked fun.just for some perspective: this place probably had eight different buffet sections, as well as the raw bar and sushi bar. there is plenty to choose from, including a whole section of diner food: onion rings, chicken fingers, etc.i had sushi, which i wish would have been labeled, as i bit into a few mystery meats that seemed like a cheap substitute for quality grade raw fish. canned salmon, canned tuna, that type of thing. i'm sure they do it to keep prices down, which is fair. just offering a little "buyer beware" for the sushi. there was a lot we didn't get to try, but we will definitely go back. it was a really kid-friendly place to be: glowing blue portions of the ceiling with twinkling stars; mammoth koi fish swimming around in a large pool near the entrance, and surprisingly clean bathrooms. plus, if you go for lunch, once upon a child (the consignment store) is in the same plaza, so you can hit it up before or after to round out a bargain outing with the kiddos. i've been coming here for years - not that often but once in a blue moon. sometimes i want a taste of a few things and royal buffet does not disappoint. the staff is friendly and the restaurant is always clean. i usually come for lunch. the variety of food has not changed much over the years but i felt the quality is still very good. this is a budget eatery. if you're coming here for the seafood and are only paying nine dollars then you really should not be complaining. no matter how many people complain about it not being a five star cuisine you have to remember that for the same price of a mcdonalds meal you can get appetizers, sample many entrees and a big selection of dessert.if the sauce covered entrees turn you off they have a selection of fresh items - veggies and meats - that you can select that someone will cook to order for you, at the back wall.i typically have some dumplings (these are not the doughy ones you get at your neighborhood chinese restaurant) and a bowl of hot n sour soup (oh so good). i get a few fried apps and then a sampling of entrees (beef and chicken). a couple sides of veggies (green bean and zucchini...) i tend to stay away from the american dishes (mac and cheese, sausage and onions...) for dessert i like something light like jello and fruit and maybe one or two of their little sliced cakes. on the back wall, they have a refrigerated case with pudding cakes.if you are hungry or have to feed a few teenage kids or just want a taste of many things, try royal buffet. its much better than the 4* mcdonalds nearby. i come from a large chinese family, so it's often less of a headache (both in terms of the time it takes to make ordering decisions and the actual cost of the meal) to go to a chinese buffet than to go to a traditional sit-down chinese restaurant. that being said, this review is given in context of knowing what to expect from a chinese buffet, having visited a large number of them over the past few years.this place nearly has it all: a large selection of both chinese and american dishes, a small selection of dim sum dishes, a sushi bar, a hibachi grill, and (on select days) hong kong-style lobster. the food is good -- arguably the best chinese buffet in the hartford area. the two things missing that i most wished was there: more dim sum dishes and green tea ice cream. but let's be honest: beggars can't be choosers..the staff is very accommodating, but perhaps a bit slow. i was with a large party, and the dishes seemed to be stacking up very quickly before they were actually cleaned up.at $13.99 for the dinner buffet the price is high (not inclusive of drinks -- only water and hot tea are free). but i guess that is necessary to make up for the price of the lobster. by the way, i should mention that i'm glad that there weren't hoards of people acting like vultures around the lobster dish when it's first put out. i've been to plenty of lobster-serving buffets where that happens.overall, not a bad place to try. this place is horrible now. they have a good selection of food but it's always old and cold. unless you get something right as they bring it out, don't eat it. i keep coming back every once in a while to give them another shot because they have been good in the past but it's always the same. come on folks, face reality, you have to lower your standards for a chinese buffet, and take things in context. and as far as chinese buffets go, this is one of the better ones. it's a big one too. they've got at least 40 tables and booths, and eight large steam tables to hold their mountains of terribly awesome food... granted, five of those steam tables have crap food that you'd never want to eat at a chinese buffet (mac & cheese, hard boiled eggs, pizza, etc), but you knew that because you have more than half a brain...as long as you stick to the chinese and/or chinese-oid food, you'll be good. highlights, in my opinion, include the boneless ribs, pepper steak, general tso's chicken, mai fun rice noodles, the crab legs (dinner only), a few types of sushi, and even an ice cream bar.prices are reasonable too. at last check, lunch is about $8, and dinner runs about $13 a person. drinks are a little extra. pretty good for all the garbage food you can stuff into your gullet in a single sitting. i give royal buffet a 5 star rating because they have really good service there. they have an excellent choice of food. and, the food is always delicious there! i go and get a variety of different items. i especially like the pork chops they have! yummy! i had great experience... food was great... . service was great... for sure il come back again ..... it is hard to get over the smell of tires when you come in. even with the tire warehouse gone next door it still hits you pretty hard. they load up almost everything here with syrup, which makes it really hard to function for the rest of the day after you eat here. the crab legs have made me sick more than once and usually you have multiple persons waiting for them. i am not sure who is doing the raw bar at a place like this but if you are thinking about it i would think twice. come with a beach towel to wipe the extra sauce you will get one your face and cloths and bring a sleeping bag and extra pillow and leave in the car after you experience your food induced coma. very clean and good food though the ice cream is fake and they take to long to make the crab legs but the bathroom is very cool and you can feed fish over all great restaurant 4/5 one direction songs love this place. the sushi is decent. the grill is the best. i like to make my own veggie noodles super spicy. my two kids are chinese and they fawn over them. there's even a young girl there that makes balloon stuff for the kids. so many fresh fruits and the kids love the ice cream. some things are fresh and some aren't. i've only been there for lunch but will try dinner one day. chino-american buffet for people who think hot pockets are amazing. you may find one or two atrocities that aren't too unlike the worst chinese takeout you've ever had, but most of the stuff is deliriously awful. rubbery boneless ribs, 'fried dumplings' that smell precariously like garbage, shrimp only andrew zimmer could appreciate... just take a good look at the ridiculous coy pond in front before rolling the dice. take a big whiff and enjoy the moldy wooden waterwheel that doesn't spin or the bird with a spring for a neck stapled to the styrofoam rock pile. the giant fiberglass cow/squid statue waving at you. it reminds me of something you'd see on the side of the road in a tourist starved ghost town just outside of mitchell, south dakota. it's 'corn palace sad' and the food suits it perfectly. my family and i come here every once in a while for dinner. the place is spacious, and the food plentiful. not the best american-chinese food i've had, but it is pretty good. the coconut shrimp is my favorite. i also like the koi pond in the front; always a hit with the kids. my wife and i are fans of chinese buffets. sunday we visited royal buffet in manchester for the first time. the reviews were good, which now puzzles me. although royal buffet in manchester has a good selection, the food in just ok. the restaurant is old, beat-up looking, and badly in need of renovation. it's noisy. kids are screaming. instead of soothing asian music, rock music is pumped through the loud speakers. if you are looking for a pleasant, relaxing sunday dinner/lunch, this is not the place. it was pricy ($14.50) for mediocre food in a run-down restaurant. won't go back.	1	0	1	1	0
 went here for happy hour. plenty of seating at the bar with two tv's. half price on any appetizer. and drink specials on beer, margaritas, and martinis. the bartender was very friendly. the portion size of our appetizers were huge! we walked away with to go boxes. can't wait to go back again. agellino's has always been pretty solid and has been around for almost 20 years. the mixed green dinner salad was generous; the greens were very fresh, the accompanying italian salad dressing was very good as well. i ordered a cortina of fortuna chianti which was on the cusp, slow moving wines can be a problem, while not horrible, it certainly was not as fresh as i would have liked. the vegetarian penne pasta was excellent, sundried tomatoes, artichokes, roasted red peppers with black olives and a light olive oil garlic dressing was superb and they certainly didn't skimp on the vegetables. service was good, over all a good dining experience. firstly given a dirty menu which is one of my pet peeves. yuck. atmosphere okay, tasteful holiday decorations. started with the chicken and rice soup which was decent; i did like the zucchini that was in the broth. my bread was served with the entree instead of before. had the italian combo comprised of chicken parmigiana, lasagna, and stuffed shells. lasagna was not hot all the way through. chicken was dry with minuscule sauce. the stuffed shells had an alfredo sauce with an off putting texture and bland. very disappointed in tonight's meal. i will preface this by saying i'm italian. my grandmother was the most amazing cook and my father used to own an italian restaurant. my true test to any italian restaurant is chicken scampi probably cause it's my favorite. i will say that angellino's done good. really good. first of all, they have chicken scampi on their menu! many italian restaurants do not. my job is 2 mins away so i placed an order to be picked up at noon. when i got there i had to wait a little bit which was ok because the staff was so nice and friendly. i took the meal back to work to eat and it was just outstanding. almost -but not quite- as good as my dad's. there was also a little side salad and bread that came with it. the salad was fresh and bread good! i just couldn't even come close to finishing it since the portion was humongous. i'll definitely be back when i'm in the mood for italian! angellino's strength is their excellent service balance with the value for what you receive. i went with friends to celebrate a special occasion. our appetizer was excellent and two items were perfect for a table of 10. portions were huge, i had enough for lunch the next day. this is not just a place where portion size is the main selling point, the food is good too. our server was helpful and friendly. we were treated excellently as customers. i'll be back soon! went with a group of friends during happy hour and quickly found out that they have a three drink limit. even though we had offered to pay full price. it doesn't matter if it's beer or hard liquor. i've never heard of this before in my life. we promptly paid and took our business elsewhere. my lady friend and i come here occasionally for their grumpy hour from 4p - 6p. you can't beat $5 martinis and half price apps! drinks are consistently good and strong, and the food is very tasty! the chipotle bbq boneless wings are the best! along with an array of different pasta choices, they have large salads, paninis, burgers, homestyle meals and wraps. something for everyone for sure.the waitstaff are very pleasant and personable (except that one bald guy bartender - he is inattentive and snarky, and on more than one occasion). the place is dimly lit, which i enjoy, and the bathrooms are clean. a good place to come overall! the lobster special is a scami can forgive bad food, high prices, and slow service. deliberately scamming your customers is unforgivable. at angellino's you get all four. angellino's advertised a $20 lobster special in the local paper. $20 didn't sound like much of a special but my wife and i went anyway. we waited over an hour to get served. during that time, the server never stopped by the table to explain the long delay. when at last the lobster special arrived, we were shocked to see a lobster tail about 3 inches x 1.5 inches. it looked more like bait. we couldn't believe we waited over an hour and paid $20 for a little tiny piece of lobster that was gone in two bites. angelino's may trick you into their restaurant once to make a quick buck, but you'll never go back. that can't be a good business plan. never again will i order take out from this place.... 15 dollars and they give you a quarter of a container of pasta.... complete rip off.this is less than what most restaurants give for a children's portion. i cannot believe that this is a 15 dollar meal. totally disappointed and sadly, they've now lost a customer. we always get the chicken parm. the first 2 times were delicious, and i was excited to have a family-owned italian restaurant so close to home. but, something was off with the chicken the 3rd time. seemed like it wasn't fresh. and, tonight we ordered again, and even though the greeter was super friendly, and the buffalo chicken appetizer was pretty darn good, the chicken parm fell flat again. i like breaded chicken a little crispy and all 3 dinners were soggy. undercooked? not sure what went wrong, but in my opinion angelino's has lost another star, and it will be tough to convince my family to order from there again. it's been a year or so since i last dined here. i'm not sure if the place got a face lift or if i just don't remember it being this nice inside, but it is quite lovely. food; however, is not as great as i remember. to start, i ordered the oven baked onion soup, which used to be my favorite place (when i worked down the road) to get a french onion style soup, but today the onions were still crunchy, soup was just barely warm, and flavor was not what i expected. not such a great start and my entree was underwhelming as well. i ordered their lunch special, the grilled chicken pasta which came in a cream sauce with spinach and tomatoes.. in my opinion, the whole dish was lacking in salt, and tasted more like warm milk than a cheesy cream sauce. not sure what's going on there with the food, maybe there's a new cook? but their saving grace was our waitress. she took care of a whole room by herself, which i counted 35 people and 12 different tables at one time. the hostess jumped in to help when she could, but our server made sure to take our order, be the one to refill our drinks, and drop our meals off herself. it's impressive really. i worked as a server once upon a time, and this lady was handling everything on her own with calm and ease yet still in a timely manner. i didn't get her name, but angellino's is lucky to have her. this has been my favorite italian restaurant forever! great drinks... try the sangria! my favorite part of the meal would have to be the homemade bread basket with fresh roasted garlic! mmmm my favorite! great date night spot! i had the lobster pasta. highly disappointed that they used imitation lobster meat and had the nerve to charge $21. i didn't even know they still sell that stuff. i ordered a white wine (riesling i think) that came out flat, like it was the last glass that had been siting in the bottle a few days.they seem to be cutting corners to save money. as a result the quality of he food has gone down. we came here for my dad's birthday lunch. it's his favorite spot. there was 6 people in our party and once we were seated it took a while for our server to come over. i guess she thought we were waiting for more people. but once she came over she was very attentive to us. we were seated toward the back of the restaurant and there was a large table next to us full dirty dishes the hour and a half we were there and no one made an attempt to clear it. that's what this place needs a little tlc. now to the food, they start you off with there bread basket and roasted garlic . great taste and size. almost like getting an app. i ended up getting the angellinos milanese . which is boneless chicken fried mixed in a butter sauce and cheese sauce. very good flavor. they serve all there meals in 2 sizes . i got the bigger one which is enough for 2 meals. my wife and mom got the gorgonzola chicken. which again was served in huge portions. my mom ordered the smaller one and was still enough for 2 meals for her. they both said it was good but lacked a little flavor. they also did not like the chunks of gorgonzola . in this sauce it didn't work. my dad got a special of clams casino. it was a good , it reminded me of linguine and clam sauce. over all a good experience, just need a little flavor in each dish. great portions. would eat here again surprisingly, this place has the best wings (i recommend boneless but either way) i've ever had. so take that, wings over. they're incredibly tender, the breading is crispy, and the sauces are really flavorful. i'm not sure if the blue cheese is home-made, but that's amazing too. oh, and the pasta bowls are massive, so prepare for leftovers if you're getting a full portion. the angellino's bowl is my top pick, but if you like spicy and don't mind dealing with shells and tails, give the fra diavolo a shot. it's delicious. the panini and grinders are legit as well.the owner is a real character but she treats you like family, even after only being there a handful of times. lunch or dinner, you really should take a trip over.i have to give four stars because i tried getting take-out, and the food was a little cold. my grinder was too, and i ordered it hot. still tasty, though. i think the desserts aren't home-made either. weirdly enough they have the same dessert menu as andy's in farmington...like right down to the styling of it. honestly who would even have the appetite for that anyway?i'm not one to doubt shane g's legendary snark, but maybe this place has improved significantly over the years. highly recommended. very good italian food. hugh portions! bring your appetite and plan to bring some home.the food was very good but not outstanding. the value is outstanding. the service was a bit slow. this was a rare stop and food find for me. i grabbed a room at the holiday inn next door and popped in not expecting very much. luckily for me my low expectations were dashed by the staff, atmosphere, and the food. usually a restaurant near or adjacent to these hotels are just adequate but in angelina's case it's excellent. the bread basket brought to the table has a variety of choices and an entire clove of roasted garlic. how can you resist i know i can't! i had a cup of pasta fagiole and it was good, not my fav but still better than i expected. then they brought out my osso bucco pork shank. holy moly it was freakin great!!! so perfectly cooked i couldn't tell you how they did it. fork tender and fall off the bone moist. the gravy was so tasty and consistent. thick and sticky plus more than enough to accompany the meat and 2 scoops of mashed red potatoes. the fresh vegetable medley too was fantastic just perfectly steamed and left for you to season if you wish. it's truly a great place next to a hotel right off the higher but i could tell the reputation with the locals is what drive this restaurant to excellence. i have gone here for years but i was so disappointed in my take out tonight. i ordered my favorite "tortellini rose," and got all the way to somers to find what i got was just tortellini in watery,separated red sauce with cheese on top.  i called to say i did not get what i ordered and then she tells me they changed their menu last month and no longer make tortellini rose.   why didn't she tell me when i ordered?! and she offered me no refund or credit on future visit... and not much of an appology either. i am so dissatisfied and don't know if i'll be back. anyone missing the mansfield location...don't go here! two salads, almost one hour. items missing from one, skimpy one tiny piece of mozzarella for supposed cheese in salad, gigantic slices of apple (unable to fit them in mouth), barely any chicken...the salad was basically a giant head of romaine in a bowl. my friend is on a strict no-salt diet due to high blood pressure. she made it clear her salmon should have no salt or seasoning of any type. it came loaded with salty seasoning. she mentioned it and the girl just looked at her, offered to take fish off salad (!!!). that's it. my friend asked for entire new salad as salt leached onto salad greens and it is a health risk for her to have any salt. another 35 minutes at least for a small-sized replacement salad. they do their nightly clearing of the tables of condiments while you're still eating. mansfield location, we miss you. can't believe you were a relative of this one. i usually visit vernon, ct at least 2x a year and usually come to this restaurant during my stay. the food is very, very good and the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. they don't rush service and remember their customers. portions are large and leftovers are "securely wrapped" (sorry, "curb" reference)! looking forward to more memorable meals here! i ordered the october steak special, very disappointed, over half grizzly, and tough. my husband ordered the italian combination and when he asked for extra sauce at the end of the evening we were charged an extra two dollars. their prices are not cheap to begin with and each addition cost extra not worth the up charge. on a positive note our waitress was exceptional friendly excellent service the most positive thing of the whole evening. love angellinos been going there for years. food is great with a good selection. the prices have gone up but still not outrageous! great for take out too! amazing experience at angelino's. i was up the block at the good year getting my car serviced and the guys in the shop recommended this place for their quality as well as their service. they were right. no matter what you order, your meal starts off with the softest bread in the world. it also comes with a steamed (i think) garlic glove in which you can mash up with a fork, mix with olive oil then sprinkle with parmesan cheese and red peppers. fantastic. i ordered the chicken marsala dinner portion which comes with a salad. the food was excellent and i cannot wait to come back here to try something else on their menu. for the type of restaurant that it is - a casual, family-friendly, large-portion, italian food- this place is pretty good!the food is a great value. there's always leftovers from the generous portions. love the chicken pram sandwich! i usually get it when i go. dessert is always a win too.staff is always friendly. never had a bad experience.i would recommend this place if you're looking for a casual, italian place that's light on the wallet and heavy on the stomach. went here today for lunch. when we arrived there was no one around except fo a party in the back room .after more then 5 minutes and calling out hello the hostess finally came out from the kitchen.my husband and i both ordered the lunch chicken parmesean pasta bowl. the chicken was delicious and the servings were generous. i wish the marinara sauce was a little spicier. it tasted like someone opened a can of crushed tomatoes, heated them and served it on the pasta. was just passing through town, but a great find! the roasted garlic with the bread basket was a really great suprise. i ordered a salad for my meal and it was awesome. server super nice and attentive a wonderful dinner experience from start to finish. every single staff member we met was kind, helpful and friendly. both my and my husband's pastas were incredibly good and the portions were huge. our son's mac & cheese was delicious too.  the warm and welcoming atmosphere, great food, and terrific value all make this a fantastic restaurant. highly recommended. first, let me say that the rating i'm giving is not entirely due to the food quality or flavor. it's essentially for the service. our server was chatting with people she knew at another table and neglected to come over to us for quite awhile while we sat there and listened to their conversation. then, she forgot elements of our order and had to come back and refresh her memory. we received no bread as other tables nearby had received. when our appetizer arrived it was missing a component. when i asked for it she replied it was not supposed to have the dressing. i pointed out the specials list included it and we eventually received it. our main dish however was dreadful. we had the seafood fra diavolo. it's been awhile since we were here and it will be even longer for our return. been twice now and loved everything both times--once with a friend and again for mother's day. huge portions of fantastic, savory dishes with rolls and salad.everything you'd expect and want from a local fine dining italian restaurant. new menu earns them a new review, i must say great job someone is listening to the customers i've said for years there are a lot of things to love here and now there are even more. since i am not a local i don't need or want the extremely large portions they have always offered it's a waste. they accomplished what seems to be the impossible now on dinner items they have what the locals want the same large portions and leftovers and for the business traveler they now offer slightly smaller portions for a slightly lower price. the also have expanded the selections to include these wonderful sandwiches among a host of other new and fresh selections. same friendly staff serving good food. the cajun calamari is so good compared to the old style and i did try a hot italian sub with fresh basil leaves it was awesome. if you were disappointed in the past you should try them again.	1	0	1	1	0
 the food and service were outstanding. this a favorite of my friend eb so we decided to meet up for dinner. i have been here approximately 3-4 times and never had a bad meal.the ambience is relaxing and serene even when it's packed. our waitress was so friendly and patient because we were taking forever to order. we hadn't seen each other in months and were catching up. we started off with cocktails recommended by our waitress (i'm sorry i don't remember her name). the little red dress and the long kiss goodnight. both were great options.for apps, we couldn't decide between a shrimp tempura roll and the scallops wrap in bacon so we got both. i definitely think it was the right choice. scallops were cooked perfectly as was the bacon. i really dislike when i get bacon wrapped anything and the piece of bacon is all fat. it came with a sweet chili sauce which i was hesitant about because i don't like spicy but it was closer to the sweet side. the entree was the highlight for me. i had the yaki udon with a side of mushroom soup. it was delicious and thankfully more than i could eat. this allowed me to dine on it again the next day where it was just as good. eb had the beef negimaki which is her usual dish and was not disappointed. this place is in my top 3 japanese hibachi/sushi restaurants. i will not be coming back to this place. it came highly recommend but we were highly disappointed. first off my husband and i came in for hibachi and we were seated with a family of 5 a mom and dad with three kids. the dad must come here alot because the waitress and the cook both greeted him and said nice to see you blah blah. that's not the problem. the problem was that in all the fuss the staff was making over this guy they managed to skip over the appetizer we ordered and they messed up my meal. i asked for double rice because i don't like noodles. the waitress says that noodles are extra charge and i said ok but i want extra rice so can you charge for that she said yeah. my husband ordered extra noodles no rice. when the cook came out he totally ignored us and was more focused on the man and his family.when the cook passed around the rice he put rice on my husband's plate which he didnt want and he gave the extra rice to the other man and not to me. any extra food he just passed it over to the other guys plate. my husband ordered shrimp and ended up getting like 5 pieces of shrimp because the cook gave each one of the other people a shrimp. seriously? i'm not one to complain about food. if i don't like it i just don't come back but if i am paying you good money then i should be treated like everyone else. the interior of the building is modern and very clean, the staff was polite. other than that i wasn't overly impressed.the tuna rolls were reasonably fresh and didn't taste fishy or old. the miso soup was hot at one time, but the bowls they served it in were frigidly cold and the soup was lukewarm by the time it came to the table. the water had the vague taste of tap water to it. kinda gross.the drunken noodles seemed to mostly be comprised of onions and questionably cooked chicken. it was very light on the "noodle" aspect of the dish. it's not very likely that i'll be coming back here. my first time here at sakura garden and we went with hibachi grill. it was ok and the chef kept all of us entertained like any other location. the food was not great and was cooked a little under to my taste (the veggies were crunchy and the meat could have been cooked a lil more too).drinks (we had the martini) were ok and was not worth the $$. i'd come back to try the sushi and update my review after. after 6 visits in so many months. this restaurant never disappoints. the blackened scallops are the absolute best!!! all the sashimi and rolls are always so fresh and the presentation is spectacular. i can't speak to the hibachi side since that's not my thing. but as far as everything else, this beats any other japanese menu in town. i really like this hibachi place, to be honest this is one of the best hibachi places to go in south windsor because i feel like the way they operate things such as customer service and food runs is done very professionally. the last time i went there i got food for takeout but i ended up sitting at the bar while i was waiting for my food. i ended up picking up a conversation with one of the bartenders and he was very nice. i ordered one lychee scorpion bowl but it was so amazing that i ended up ordering two. the hostess brought my take-out order for me at the bar but i decided just to eat there instead. i work at restaurant businesses and i know what it's like for people to take food out to go eat it at the restaurant and i did apologize i just didn't want to drive home because i wanted to sober up and they were very understandable. this place is excellent and i would go back again sushi is fresh and overall tastes great. not so busy on a sunday afternoon but a bit expensive if not doing a lunch special . scorpion bowl and hawaiian bowl tastes great and good to share with a group of friends! went for hibachi and was very disappointed. we were a party of 3 that had a reservation and arrived on time however we were crammed on to a table where two of the people in our party were actually not able to see or be apart of the coming because they were seated on the side more at the other cook top. when notified the people working that this was ruining a birthday dinner; they just said oh sorry, nothing we can do. they could have seated us at a different table where we too could have been apart of a cooking show. it is disappointing that they refused to help make experience better. i don't think my family and i will be going back since they have no regard to ensuring all people have an enjoyable time. we love sakura for their ability to handle large parties flawlessly.we stopped by with a huge group for hibachi the other night and they didn't even flinch!food was very good and we had a great time, but it was your standard hibachi experience. i was a bit disappointed myself - i ordered the vegetarian hibachi and the chef took all of the juices from the steal my friend ordered and put it all over the vegetables. typically, i am not very picky with this kind of stuff, but my meal just tasted like steak and made my stomach upset after. if you're going to go vegetarian, make sure it's done right!we will definitely come back regardless. decent sushi, nothing special. i got the carbless roll which had salmon, mango, avocado, everything but the rice which i did enjoy. service was okay. it was a pretty busy restaurant. it was very nice and modern, clean, and overall romantic vibe. it has hibachi too so i'd come back to try that option in the future. prices were reasonable. special rolls around $15. regular rolls around $7. everything was made fresh, sat at the sushi bar so i got to see everything. there were a couple rolls that could have been rolled tighter that i saw my friend had. but overall good.happy eating! absolutely love this place. they make ur sushi they way you request it ! example i love my shrimp tempura with cream cheese and they make it just like that for me! always go back. 4.7 to 5 stars. the food here is great! never had a bad expierience at sakura here in evergreen walk.the restaurant is beautiful, the hibachi service is great! the food is fresh, tasty and good amount. i highly recommend any signature rolls from here. all are very very good and the plating is pretty.but one time they seated us for normal dinner at the hibachi grill. strange and we didn't want to argue with the waitress but it's all good in the end because the food is all that matters anyway.but because of that, 4.7. in all, amazing place, highly recommend and fails to disappoint me. i went there with my brother and my sisters before his wedding the service was awesome the food was fresh and great food came out fast i have no complaints and i'm planning on taking my husband there for our anniversary. i will be back i recently enjoyed a night out with a friend at sakura. the food, service, and drinks were worth 5 stars. i ordered the steak pad thai, which was very tasty. they have a great sushi menu with lots of choices. i plan to visit again soon! tuna was awesome. cooked with a racing stripe right through the middle of it, pink. good service good food good prices have at it. best rice best hibachi show put on a bit expensive but worth the show and quality my favorite place to go for hibachi. food is fantastic and they put on a good show. been here at least a dozen times. make sure you book any party or gatherings for hibachi well in advance, week or more, as hibachi spots fill up very quickly on the weekends. a tab bit pricey but the food makes it worth the price! i would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for hibachi. well we just walked out of this place. i called at 6:09 pm to see what the wait time was and told oh there's no wait for 2 people for hibachi. i asked if i could make a reservation and they said not for hibachi but for the dining room. i said ok, we'll be there in a half hour. we walk in at 6:46 and are told it's going to be about a 45 minute wait and you could clearly see there were hibachi tables open off the seating chart. they just missed out on over a $100 meal from us. i find it ironic too that yelp suggested i call to make a reservation. delicious hibachi! i could eat an entire plate of the noodle side. service was fast and very friendly, if we travel through the area again we would definitely revisit so a few months ago i came here and had a horrid experience which i would rather forget. a friend suggested i try them again and don't do hibachi. i have done so and my rating has gone way up. as always the good is good and now i habe meet better staff that has not made me or my party uncomfortable while dinning. i do recommend this place for a brunch, lunch or dinner. if you happen to get a rude waiter just go to the front and they will handle it very quickly. autumn of alaska farmers market rollcoconut shrimpcalamariall amazing but the rolls hands down were seriously ridiculously tasty.my only complaint is that they charged for seltzer. seriously??!!!!! i just ordered take out and not only am i extremely underwhelmed by the bite sized portion at full dine in hibachi prices but i'm allergic to shrimp and i specifically ordered the steak and chicken hibachi. when i got home 20 mins later i open up my tray to find two pieces of shrimp, along with maybe 2 or 3 pieces of chicken and steak. i also ordered a side of miso soup but apparently one came with the meal. so i'll try to quell my aching hunger with tons of soup and salad . all for a whopping $35. big mistake...huge. my wife, daughter and i ate here when we visited the area. looked for sushi on yelp and found this as a good option. it was ok. there was nothing special about the food or the atmosphere. i liked the bridge you walk over to enter inside the restaurant but they should have fish in it. the service was fine but it seamed that the server had a problem understanding exactly what my wife was asking regarding chicken with lo main noodles. not much chicken but the noodles were not salty so good there. i had the seafood miso. for what they charged i expected more. the sushi roles were ok as well. i will try some place else next time. stopped in during business travel alone and sat at the sushi bar. got the miso soup (standard miso with plenty of seaweed and tofu), then coconut shrimp (butterflied shrimp with very good coconut flavor and texture and great dipping sauce). then i got the spicy tuna roll (plain but flavorful) and the rising sun roll, which was excellent! the rising sun roll had great fresh flavored with perfect amount of soft and crunch. it is very large pieces, so prepare to be filled up by it.will definitely come back when i'm in the area again! once upon a time... long long ago.it's been 2 yrs since i last ate here but i'm only writing this review coz the nite was so memorable... the hibachi experience was one of a kind, i can't seem to forget.the most unique,entertaining dinners i've ever had (while sitting with a bunch of strangers). the chef was funny, entertaining and had some really kool knife skills that he showed off, the volcano onion, the trick where he pours sake from a distance into ur mouth till u are soaked high up in it, he was so full of energy that at the end of the night no one at the table felt disconnected from each other (we were like a big happy family).a long due visit and an updated review coming up. definitely the best sushi and hibachi place in south windsor. the restaurant has a great atmosphere and all of the hibachi chefs are top notch. the menu has a ton of items to choose from and the staff is usually very helpful. my only complaint about this place is that it can be a little pricey even if it is just a dinner for two. however if you believe like i do that good food is worth the price. you should most definitely give sakura a try. love going to this place especially since i work nearby. their takeout is super fast and efficient. every time i go to eat hibachi it's a great experience also. i dislike their reservation requirements for parties of people, i experienced this on one of my birthdays, and i will never choose this location for that again. but lunch time is a great option otherwise. i love the atmosphere as well, although it can sometimes be a little too dark in there. i was looking for a great new sushi restaurant to check out and gave sakura a try. the atmosphere is very nice and inviting, however the food and wait staff was not up to par. our waiter seemed very disengaged, he didn't offer any suggestions, wasn't helpful explaining the menu and kind of made us feel stupid for being there in the first place. a server is a huge part of the dining experience and if you aren't going to interact with your customers, you're in the wrong job! the food was over-priced with terrible portions. we ordered the lobster tail with chicken, seafood miso soup and dragon rolls. the seafood soup and dragon rolls were alright but the lobster tail was disgusting! all of the meat was already out of the lobster for us, and barely had any lobster in it, and the chicken was terribly undercooked.....sadly, we all went to red robin shortly after. our friend who was with us recommends visiting tiger belly, which is an outstanding japanese restaurant / noodle bar in granby ct. here you will receive fresh sushi, and delicious food well worth the price. plus their 4.9 review on google speaks for itself. if you visit here and want to waste your money...your family will be left hungry afterwards and it just doesn't live up to expectation. this is a place that tries to be trendier and seem fancier than it actually is. restaurants like this don't always particularly appeal to me as i'd rather have great quality food without the flashy atmosphere. and there always seems to be something so unauthentic about them.don't get me wrong, the food here is actually good, but isn't better than other places that serve asian cuisine in the area. the sushi is decent enough, but like everything else on the menu, is vastly overpriced for what you get. hibachi can be fun and is always a good option for group outings.all in all, it's hard to frequent this place due to their prices that don't match up to the quality of food presented (you're basically paying for the atmosphere), but every now and then it's a decent option when dining out. we sat at a table in the bar for lunch and started with the rock shrimp and rock "ka" belly appetizers. both were delicious, and the rock "ka" belly is a now a new favorite. the spicy tuna roll and sweet potato roll were good and the sweetheart was fantastic.overall good service and atmosphere along with some creative cocktails and good food means we'll be back.	1	0	1	1	0
 i just recently found out that roma's delivers! i was so pleased to learn this. we ordered a sausage and peppers pizza that was amazing! friendly and quick service! delicious food and fair prices. i've also had the chicken parmesan here and it was very enjoyable. we will be back for sure, and probably more often for delivery! i'm excited to try more pasta dishes and pizzas. i've had my share of take out pizza from roma's during my years working at p&w. it was definitly on our "order from list" as the pizza and grinders are delish. well, i finally figured that i needed to give it a try as an eat in patron. consequently my wife and i visit for a thursday afternoon lunch.we can sit where we want as the restaurant is about 1/4 full. our waitress is prompt and courteous when taking our drink and lunch order. cheese ravioli for wife, a bowl of pasta e fagoli to share and eggplant parm with pasta for me.bread and butter are bought quickly. fresh and hot it served it's purpose to keep us happy. after a few minutes the soup is served. we both enjoy it. the vegetables are cooked al dente. i like that. it's a good mix of veggies (incl beans) and pasta in a nicely seasoned tomato based broth.maybe (10) minutes go by and our main dishes are served.  for my wife's ravioli her only comment was... wow, these ravioli have a lot of cheese. i say... nothing wrong with that. the tomato sauce on her dish has some cheese mixed in. it went well together.my eggplant parm is served with the pasta on it's own dish. thin, lightly breaded eggplant in a nice tomato sauce. same sauce is on my pasta (i chose shells). this sauce is different from the sauce on my wife's dish and is appropriate for my entrees. bottom line... is we liked it a lot. the food was very good. we will return when we are in the area hankerin for italian. check it out. they serve rotten produce and week old meats. the owners are also racist. do not eat at this place in fear of food poisoning. roma's never really disappoints. they are always a solid option for takeout and have reasonable lunch deals. i haven't actually sat down to eat here in years but they are definitely one of the better classic american-italian restaurants around. everything on the menu is pretty predictable and what you would expect, but hey, thats not always a bad thing! the pizza is good and i'm a fan of their eggplant parmesan. and of course the sauce is great too which you can purchased already jarred in house. check them out if you're in the area and craving italian, small quaint family italian place. absolutely scrumptious food from a very unassuming area of town. daily special of sausage pesto primavera was fantastic! gotta try mommas cheesy garlic bread too! had lunch here yesterday hubby had the veal parmesan and loved it i had shrimp scampi also very good. lunch portions were huge, waitress was awesome. i'd have to say roma is really my favorite place for pizza, there are other places i go that are very very good but there is a distinguishing factor in the ingredients used at roma that elevates their product slightly above some of the best in the pizza category. everybody's taste for pizza is different, many will disagree with my assertions but i have not encountered a similar flavor profile in any other pizza restaurant. the owners are from baragiano, south of naples not to far from potenza. the springfield and greater springfield italian restaurant scene is dominated by people from this small town in italy, in fact most are related in some way. given that fact, you would think the pizza would be nearly the same, it is in the springfield area, it's just that roma stands just a tiny bit higher in this pantheon of extremely good pizza makers. very rude service. the food was subpar and kind of on the expensive side. tasted like i could have went to a supermarket and threw it together for $10 and thirty minutes of my time. for the amount it cost i could have gone pretty much anywhere and had a better experience and better food. if the owner or waitress or whoever was on could be little more friendlier. it would have been a better experience. i hate going into restaurants where the food is par and staff just plain rude. never again will i patron this restaurant. awesome place, delicious italian food, and very nice service! i highly recommend if you are in the area. .... i don't have much to write about this one...the pizza was bleh.. the mozzarella sticks were bleh... and the sauce i dipped the mozz sticks in tasted like canned sauce. this disappoints me as the reviews i read prior to ordering were raving about this sauce and apparently they bottle this stuff? the best part of this food was the cheese and the chicken on the pizza. the chicken was from what i could tell extremely fresh and the cheese was amazing and cooked perfect. the crust and dough tasted.... like a homemade pizza would if you bought the dough at the grocery store. not impressed. i posted a few pics.. unfortunately looks can be deceiving :( everything we have tried has been terrific. steak sandwiches, pasta, pizza. delivery always on time. yelp reviews prompted me to go. sometimes, a casual environment, nice menu, good food, and great service "hits the spot". roma is that, small, crowded tables, casual family atmosphere with no bells and whistles, but that's okay. greeted by very personable waitstaff who said sit anywhere you'd like. she approached within two minutes despite a 90% full dining room.....a pleasant surprise. the menu includes pizza, which yelpers praised, a number of lunch special entrees......chicken parm and pasta for $9.99......it was excellent and plentiful. the pizza ( half meatball / roasted peppers & half spinach and peppers ) was very good. not chic thin crust, but a pie that screams traditional old world, a little thicker, great chew factor, and a nice sauce. i'd do it again and explore different options. ordered a side of broccoli (off the menu) and they prepared it with a little zest and caring......good side.....it appears that if they have the ingredients, they'll do it. wine by the glass is $5 and it's pretty good. bread basket is nice, warm, and crusty. i'll ask for olive oil next time. so, roma isn't fancy or chic, but it's a go to place where lunch is crazy good and reasonable....check lunch hours. staff is awesome......i'd go there just to be entertained by them. negatives ? some italian music would be cool.....but really no negatives.....anxious to try some other menu offerings. nice slutty pie and probably the best you'll do in east hartford. lunch rush is madness but after 1:00pm it becomes very quiet.they have stella artois here if you want to wash some of the grease down, too. i came in here last week for an end of the year office group lunch. i had previously heard good things about the pizza but we were here for the lunch. we sat down and tried ordering a bottle of wine. they told us they only sold wine by the glass, or by the carafe or 1/2 carafe. we had a big group so we ordered a carafe of some red wine (i forget which one) which was tasty. they also served bread and butter which was very good. before coming here i was informed that roma makes their own sauces and oils that they sell in stores. i was looking forward to trying some oil with the bread but they served it with butter instead. when we asked for oil with the next basket of bread, however, they had no problem bringing it, so i highly recommend doing that if you prefer oil with your bread.i ordered the ziti, broccoli, and chicken which was delicious. the best part had to be the sauce. i'm pretty sure i used a piece of bread to literally clean my plate because the sauce was so good. i also ordered a cannoli to go since every good italian restaurant needs to make good cannolis. it didn't disappoint.i would definitely come back here for lunch or maybe after work sometime. i would love to try the pizza because i hear good things. this place definitely beats the other restaurants in the area that are close to my office. i don't understand what the big hype is about this place. i ordered a medium pizza with hamburger and mushrooms. not impressed at all! the mushrooms were straight from a can and the cheese taste like kraft cheddar cheese. i'm sorry but i can make better pizza than that. waste of money in my opinion. 1st time here and i have to say it was pretty good. the two ladies were wuick to help me and were very pleasant. i live in eh and haven driven past roma's many times. the bread is the best i've had in a long time. i had cheese raviolis & tortellini soup. perfect to dunk the bread in. give this place a shot its well worth it. my 'go to' place for italian food in east hartford. tasty affordable chow. they do a good sauce and make a pretty good meatball. not in the mood for a tomato based entree, go for the mac and cheese.  best restaurant mac and cheese. . .dare i say...anywhere????  could be. it used to be on the special board on certain days and then they figured out its good any day! creamy and delicious.  portions are good, you wont leave hungry.  wait staff is excellent. efficient and friendly. hell, i could go there right now! my favorite place for pizza. thin crispy crust, not too much crust, not too saucy and good cheese. nice place for small and large groups. i got a small pizza here. it was a buffalo chicken pizza, and my first impressions were, wow this is a decent sized pizza for a small and this has regular pizza sauce, which is kind of strange for a buffalo chicken pizza. however, it was rather tasty and the sauce had a good flavor. the crust was thin on the sauce end and thicker on the edges, just like i like it. the chicken on the pizza seemed like it might of just been tyson's buffalo chicken, but me and my girlfriend were not sure and it was tasty nonetheless. it wasn't my favorite pizza i've had, but definitely not the worst and i will be coming back! decent pie, had better-had worse type of deal. went with the plain old cheese. crust wasn't super thin and on the verge of doughy, sauce was ok and not too heavy handed, cheese worked. if ever i am back i will probably try pasta with their sauce that they sell in the jars. parking lot was not big enough, i had to park in a field with some goats. i have lived in east hartford for 21 years and roma's is the town's little secret! their pizza is amazing. i have eaten at a lot of different places (new haven, new york, boston) and i must say, this is still my favorite place! now, this depends on how you like your pizza. they make semi-thick dough with a lot of sauce (and you have to ask for the tomatoe sauce on it) with just the right amount of cheese. warning though, if you are a fan of thin-crust pizza, this is not the place for you. everyone who i know who likes thin-crust pizza did not like roma's pizza. for everyone else, its amazing!if you are worried about the neighboorhood (honestly, just because a lot of people are walking outside does not mean it is a bad neighboorhood, again, i lived here my entire life) don't be. the staff are all really friendly and the place is clean. it's true, no frills, just a nice dine-in. when i go home, i always make sure to come here! oh, the place does get somewhat packed on the weekends (also most people order out their pizza, thats why the resturant seems empty).they are also very accommodating! i called them to let them know that i wanted to order food and have it ready by the time i went there to eat in and then changed it at the last second to a take out order and it was fine. super nice, great, love this place! 4 solid stars for this mysterious pizza place. i say that as ive never actually been in there, but i have now had their take out twice.first go at it was a classic cheese pizza. it was a toss up between roma and annas and ive never had either, but the consensus was this was the place for za.now i have no idea where the cut a pizza into a grid fad started, but ive seen it a few times here in ct. the pizza is neapolitan, ie italian, not greek, and it was good! nice cheese, flavorful sauce, thin balanced crust. just keep in mind pro grid pizza fans, the middle grid pieces dont ratio well with the 85% crust grid piece, hence why the slice is a perfectly engineered vehicle for pizza consumption, try it sometimes.the next day we got take out again, this time i opted for a chicken parm. it appeared to be nice few pieces of cutlet, again, solid sauce maybe a little light on the cheese, but lots of food overall. i ordered blind not ever having a grinder from there, but with a small and that was a good 12 inches i would say a large is too much (maybe split one between two peeps.) overall, good bread, but i pealed a bunch off. i was on the job and didnt was too much lunch to loge me down. price is pretty high, i do know that two small subs and a coke was like 20 bucks in itself so use that as an index. i did glace over the menu, has some potential.stop the # what is important to you in an italian restaurant? do you want ambiance and a tuxedo- ed wait staff? or do you want kick ass food that will keep you coming back? roma's has a great selection of italian favorites, great pizzas and a good variety of wines. the staff is friendly and courteous. the accommodations are family style. they have a bunch of their sauce bottled for you to purchase and take home. i have never been disappointed in going there. great family restaurant, the food is not fancy but good. there pizzas are pretty good,, i like to come here with the kids since they live the food here. the service has always been excellent very good pizzeria. their pizza is very good, and their grinders are also yummy. my favorite dish of theirs, however, are their chicken caesar salads. delicious! the chicken is grilled fresh and hot, and then wrapped up separately in foil so that it doesn't lose its heat. my favorite salad in the area! this is such a gem in east hartford. the food is amazing and the service is friendly and very fast. highly recommend roma. :located on the bend on burnside ave, you almost don't notice it - but do stop in. locally family owned and operated. great food and great service. don't forget to take home their sauce - just delicious ! i'm still a little undecided about roma. honestly the decor is kinda horrible, the service is decent, and the pizza is pretty good (their sauce really is quite good). you won't be disappointed, but it seems like it should be so much better. this is one of the three best pizzas in central ct (harry's and three fellas are the others). i moved here from south florida and search for years for an eatable pizza in central ct... i finely found them. these are five stars for central ct only. i am a self profound foodie and more over a sauce lover! i am one of those types of people that goes into quiznos and takes the extra packets of honey mustard and horseradish because i love it so very much. i was in stew leonards about a year ago and i had the opportunity to sample a bit of your marinara sauce on some bread. i instantly fell in love and bought two jars. since that moment this sauce has become a staple in my home. i nearly have a heart attack when i notice that we are low in how many jars we have. i buy many at a time when i see it in the store in fear that it won't be there the next time (as the stores have been out of stock a time or two...ugh!). my normal grocery store is stop and shop (by the way) so please do whatever you can to make sure you always have a spot on the shelves there. the sauce is delicious, sweet and a robust. i use it on pasta, over chicken, on home made mini pizzas, as the sauce for my stuffed cabbage, hell - i would even drink it! my husband and i eat this 1 or 2 times a week. it is really a fantastic recipe and i cannot say enough fabulous things about my love for the sauce. the best part is that it is a local product. a local product that is much better then prego, classico, or ragu could ever think of being. the only downside to it being a local items it that i am from maine and hope to move back one day and i was thinking just the other day that of all the things i will miss the most capa di roma sauce would be at the top of my list (next to archie moores wings of course!). fantastic sauce! thank you for helping to make my meals at home effortless and delicious. i know it took a little bit to get into the restaurant but we went saturday for lunch. can i just say that it was faaaaaaaabulous! i had to have my gallbladder out so i was waiting for a clean bill of health to go so that i could truly enjoy the meal. we will be back. the homemade garlic bread was fantastic! pizza was the best (no joke!) that i have ever had in ct. our waitress was such a doll, so so so sweet andaccomodating with my quirkiness in asking to sample the pizza sauce. of course, i purchased 6 jars to go. in-love. there was a nice gentleman in thecorner chowing down with some local cops (who i assume was the owner) and he thanked us for coming! now that is service!  i truly appreciate when iam in a restaurant and get a genuine thank you.  i cannot say enough greatthings about your company.	1	0	1	1	0
 growing up as a kid the only "all-you-can-eat" restaurants i knew of were old country buffet and sizzler. (showing my age. lol.) i grew up to say the least and then heard about this place from my girlfriend recently so we came to check it out. all-you-can-eat sushi for $21.99 on sundays. like, are you serious?! if you order like 2 rolls from the regular menu you blow smooth past $22.00 easy! why not get the ayce option?! it even includes appetizers, single-piece sushi, sushi rolls, and freaking desserts! are you kidding me?! so i tried their rock shrimp and wasabi shumai for starters. so good. the shumai is like a small wonton bursting with savory and salty flavor. for sushi i tried their pepper tuna, smoked salmon, shrimp, pepper salmon and seared salmon. the pieces were huge. at least a 2" piece over a small bed of rice. i was truly impressed with the flavors, portions and presentation. i wish i had taken pictures! for the rolls i went with the pink roll because it had no rice. in it is spicy crab, avocado wrapped in soybean paper. it'll help me keep my carbs down. lol. i also tried the kamikaze roll which consists of spicy salmon, spicy yellow-tail, crab meat, and avocado inside a tempura roll with spicy mayo and eel sauce drizzled on top. exquisite. the rolls were fresh, the ones that were supposed to be hot, were. the flavors popped and kept me wanting more and more. unfortunately, i ran out of stomach room, with so many tasty things left to try on the menu! i will be back for sure with an emptier stomach. came back here for the first time in a year or two. the all you can eat sushi is a good deal with a lot of different options. it's two whole pages of options to choose from, including appetizers, sushi, and dessert. the specialty rolls were good, but i would not recommend the calamari appetizer. it was very tough. two people ordered hibachi and both liked it. service was a little inattentive, but i'm going to give this place another try soon. this visit made me a fan. hopefully next time can be a five star visit. min ghung is definitely an up and coming all you can eat (ayce) sushi restaurant for greater hartford! every time i've come here i've liked it more and more. i'm determined to try their large variety of their rolls! don't know how long it'll take...but i'm determined. definitely helps that it's down the street and walking distance from where my friends in glastonbury live! i've seen my friends begin to catch on and start coming here. they've taken dates here, started coming to happy hour (and bogo drink special on thursday), and doing the ayce special. there are so many choices and i keep daydreaming about their kani salad, as well as their fresh sushi rolls. some of the freshest sushi tuna i've had for ayce is here! i've even come in for lunch and done ayce because i'll definitely end up eating enough rolls and varieties of sushi in that lunch period. the lunch specials aren't bad either! service may take a bit depending on how large of a group or how the crowd is, but it's definitely a way to have some time with friends to catch up and enjoy sushi. will definitely be back, got to get my sushi loving friends to come with me and make comparisons! nestled away within glen lochen on a not so busy street, min ghung can be best described as sushi heaven due to its "all you can eat" sushi option for $21.99 (sunday-thurs) and $25.99 (friday and saturday) . in order to access the restaurant, you have to enter the center's main entrance and then follow the directions at the door to a small corridor that will lead you down a short flight of stairs to the restaurant. it is a journey, but it is a journey that make the sushi well worth it!next thing you need to know is that the ayce option is not explicitly listed on the menu, so you have to ask your server about this option (told you it's a journey). the all you can eat menu in my opinion is large and has great variety for the price that comes with it. it has items ranging from appetizers to dessert and of course an eclectic array of sushi. every thing you order is prepared to order, so you do not have to worry about how long the sushi has been out waiting. however, before you go overboard with ordering, just be aware that you do get charged for any left over. this is a reasonable penalty in my opinion since it helps the business keep the price of the all you can eat sushi option to an amount that is basically a steal for their patrons.now for the important question, "how's the sushi?" the short answer to this question is "excellent!" even though, i believe the tuna was previously frozen due to its color, it was great nonetheless. the rice was perfectly seasoned and in my opinion the rice is the most important component of sushi because if your rice is not well-seasoned then everything falls apart!now here is the long answer. i was amazed by how well everything was prepared and presented to me. the nigiri was excellent and the fish to rice ratio was on point, the wasabi (that i requested) that came with it was just right. if you never had nigiri prepared with wasabi before, then i highly recommend it since it brings out the favor of the fish and helps further enhance the sushi experience. the smoked salmon roll was quite large in comparison to other smoked salmon rolls at other sushi restaurants that i have been to previously, which is a good thing for min ghung. the kill bill roll was indeed killer with the various favors working in harmony to produce a distinct overall flavor. however, i was not a big fan of the "out of control roll" even though i liked the white fish on top. the part that i didn't like about it was the mayo since it was heavy for the sushi.overall, the 40 minute drive followed by finding the hidden "sushi temple" was well-worth it and i highly recommend this place to anyone who is up for a journey and would basically do anything for sushi! min ghung has returned to its prior prominence as the best sushi in town. the former poor servers are gone and replaced with highly attentive and friendly staff. and the food is amazing. best fish to rice ratio around with only the freshest and highest quality fish.a highlight is their unlimited sushi. costing less than a sushi deluxe at neighboring places, this is an amazing deal oncluding most menu favorites and many creative rolls. i do wish they served sashimi as well like other local all you can eat offerings but still enjoy it.the renovations have made the ambience a bit better and the decision to employ a reasonable number of highly skilled sushi chefs makes the wait time for a freshly prepared meal quite reasonable.i am a huge fan. usually more than once a week. on my wish list....omikase! but, even without any changes, min ghung remains my go to place for wonderful food. first time here trying out the all you can eat sushi and app meal. have been to glastonbury many times but this hidden gem is off the busy streets in a building that has an assortment of stores and dance hall along with empty spaces that will hopefully be filled. the restaurant is located in the basement of the building but after crossing the threshold of the restaurant it opens up into a nice display of different japanese alcohols with tables and a sushi bar. we had a large group celebrating a birthday and was seated at the large tables in the back. it was ample space with all of us fitting comfortably while we gazed at the menu planning our attack on the wide selection of sushi and appetizers. there was a wide range of hot and cold dishes for apps ranging from the standard seaweed salad and miso soup to a grilled bbq squid and wasabi shumai. the restaurant doesn't do sashimi but with the different orders of nigiri like salmon and red snapper to octopus and red clam, the cuts that we had were large enough to be sashimi. i know that many like the thinly sliced sashimi but paying for all you can eat you want a good slice of fish with every bite. i was blown away from a plate filled with peppered salmon that i usually have to fight to get a large amount at other sushi restaurants. the other rolls were typical ranging from a spicy tuna to eel rolls that had avocado and vegetables, your party won't be upset at the wide a slightly overwhelming size of the menu. lastly dessert they had their standard ice creams but accompanying the list are fried versions of the green tea or red bean. having a large group and table we were able to fit a lot of what we ordered but having each order on a separate dish can cause a pile up of too many dishes filling the most table. we didn't have that problem as my group ate the sushi as fast as it had arrived. for 21.99 on the weekends, i think i've found my new spot. sorry sushi house of rocky hill you've been replaced. well i'm a week late writing this review as well as a couple years late after i said i'd come back here soon in 2015.actually i came here 2 weeks ago so yeah i'm actually super late writing this review but at least my experience is still fresh in my head. i have a good memory, yup i have a good memory. just kidding, let's do this.let me start by saying this, it was busy, had refreshed interior from last time i came, and the menu looked different as well.my waitress was gone most of the time, i don't blame her though as she was constantly doing something. proved to me it wasn't her fault, they were clearly understaffed for the night which led to multiple let downs.the restaurant was a little dirty, some of my food wasn't hot and it took a while to get a hold of my waitress. being understaffed on the dining floor was clearly the issue.as many customers get the all you can eat dinner, they had multiple sushi chefs just going at it and working really hard. food is coming in and out of the kitchen constantly but not efficiently, 1 more waitress would have greatly improved the flow of the dining area.as the for the food itself, it was pretty good! sushi was great but had structure issues, again you can blame the rush and being busy for that. but if everything was the way it was supposed to be food wise, it was wonderful!so yes, this place deserves a 5 or 4 star rating but for that night i was there they deserve 3. it's an easy and obvious fix, i'm sure they aren't like this every night. i say this a lot but i know i'll be back to see if i can confirm this 3 star rating but i don't want to, i really love this place.by the way, i can't name another restaurant that does main entree meals as well as all you can eat options in this area. put that in mind when deciding where to go. this is our second time coming here and the experience from the first time to the second time was a complete 180 (unfortunately not for the better). the first time we came we loved the sushi because it was all fresh, food was excellent. the staff was friendly. this last experience we arrived and were promptly seated. we noticed that there was only one waitress for the whole restaurant. to start our hot green tea was cold and then the second time we were given boiling water from that we were unable to drink it. the appetizers came our promptly. the edamame was covered with salt which made it hard to eat. the shrimp tempura was cold. we ordered the octopus which was very hard to chew. we did order other sushi rolls that were excellent. the waitress did the best she could for being the only one working, but as a customer we were made to wait for our orders to come in. at one point we were asked if we wanted the check but we still had food coming. a little miss communication from the sushi bad and the waitress. i wouldn't say i would be coming back anytime soon but i'll give it a try again one of these days and i'll update my review. awesome place for sushi, whether you're doing all-you-can-eat or not. i can't eat rice because i follow the ketogenic diet, and they accommodated that by showing me the items on their menu that don't have rice (since it was my first time here). excellent service, excellent quality fish and ingredients, and a really nice atmosphere. can't get much better than this! i can't hold it in any longer: min ghung is definitely the best japanese restaurant around. after many very positive experiences here, my updated rating is way overdue.i think sushi is definitely the best thing to get here. (katsu, udon, teriyaki have been good, too, but not as stellar.) they have so many innovative rolls, and the ingredients are super fresh. be sure to ask for their latest take-out menu, which has a lot of helpful photos.most recently, some friends and i had a larger group come in on a friday night for tim m.'s birthday. they have 3 different rooms with varying capacities. the room we got had a great sky light and full chalk wall, which was fun for the evening. even though we were in a separate space, our waitress was usually very available and attentive. i would definitely have a large group meet up at min ghung for another epic meal. there are so many other fun parts about min ghung. sake bomb wednesdays at 8pm are not to be missed! took my sister here for all you can eat sushi during lunch. i take my sister to buffets because she's a teenage swimmer who shovels down food without caring about the quality of it. anywho, i was super impressed by min ghung. their sushi buffet offered options that were on the main menu and of similar quality. i'd say their sushi was better than most places that i've tried in the hartford county area even. most importantly, they didn't stuff their sushi with a lot of rice and they used long, thick slices of fish for the nigiri. i'd recommend getting anything with the raw salmon on it because their salmon was probably the best i've had anywhere. lastly, service was average. the waiter was attentive and the sushi came out in a timely manner. i will definitely be back soon and i will continue to spread the word about this place! the service is slooooooooooow! we try to remember not to come here if we are really hungry bc it takes forever- sometimes even to get water and learn who your waiter is going to be. host/servers aren't friendly but aren't rude either. i like the sushi- the new year's eve roll is my favorite. would get higher rating if it weren't for the not-so-great customer service. ok, we've finally gotten up the nerve to resume patronizing our local sushi establishment since our last sad experiences. there have been some upgrades, including replacing the worn stained carpeting. it's packed here tonight and the vibe is nice and lively. service is smiling and busy. the place seems to be on its way back after a very rocky interim. let's hope it continues its upward climb. stay tuned!! welcome back min ghung, we missed you and wish you well. this is one of my go-to sushi places in the area. first of all, whenever i suggest this place people complain to me that it is a little difficult to find. it's located in the glen lochen shopping center. there is plenty of parking out front and in the connecting side lot. once you enter the main doors to the center, turn left and walk all the way down the hall. you'll see a sign for the restaurant and can follow the short staircase down and into the restaurant. the decor is pretty simple but clever. they have rice wine bottle lining the walls, paper lanterns along the ceilings, and flowers on every table. there are plenty of tables as well as private rooms in the back for parties.you have two options when you come in. you can order from the regular menu, or ask for the all-you-can-eat menu. oh yes, did i mention it's all-you-can-eat sushi 7 days a week? the all-you-can-eat menu includes apps from the kitchen (seaweed salad, chicken/red snapper teriyaki, gyoza, miso soup, shrimp tempura, etc), sushi rolls (everything from vegetables to spicy salmon), sushi pieces (simple fish options as well as octopus, squid, eel), special rolls (you'll have to read the detailed descriptions for these), and dessert (ice cream, fried ice cream, fried banana). for $21.99 sun-thurs and $24.99 fri-sat, this is a great deal if you show up hungry!i've been coming to min ghung for my sushi fix and will keep coming back. this is hands down the best ayce sushi place in connecticut. you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu! for appetizers, i highly recommend the rocky shrimp. the salmon kama is also incredible and so is the eel sushi! will be back many more times this place is well hidden in the glen lochen office building. found my way through the maze to the basement. it was pleasant atmosphere with the ceiling windows and tree top views. however, the floor and seats were dirty with stains and crumbs.ordered the sashimi lunch. a small bowl of miso soup started the meal; it was somewhat lackluster. the entree included 12 pieces of delicious sashimi presented in an elegant manner. hand painted sauce on the plate. instead of the sashimi on rice, it came in a separate bowl. when we entered the restaurant the host/waiter was on his cell phone at the bar. he never looked up. we stood there for quite some time when finally the sushi chef alerted him of our presence. after seating, he remained on his phone and never checked on how the food tasted, and finally when waiting for the check he was too involved in the cell phone and kept us waiting. difficult to rate this place with the problems encountered. the sushi was delicious. also, this restaurant is midlevel between two floors and is only accessible by stairs, not handicap accessible. honestly, everything we had was tasty. cute space. staff attentive. we had the all you can eat menu which was very reasonably priced - and very necessary when your husband has an appetite that typically makes sushi unaffordable. we highly recommend! how did i not know min ghung offered an all-you-can-eat sushi option?! well, they do and it's fabulous - i've never seen such a variety for ayce. tons of apps, abundant specialty roll options, fresh nigiri, even dessert. standouts include tuna tataki, mango tango (with mango, yellowtail, avocado), kill bill, man in black (shrimp tempura, avocado, black tobiko) - and the list goes on. there are seriously dozens and dozens of amazing options - and all-you-can-eat is $22! such a steal - service is great too. awesome option for a group. i hadn't been here in years but won't wait long before returning! great ayce sushi place compare to others local ayce sushi places. price is fair, fish are fresh, sushi are beautifully done. i'm taking one star off because they don't have sashimi and their roll are not very consistent. sometimes the rolls are kind of loose and fall apart easily(however they still taste really good).their greet tea ice cream is amazing. not like sugar loaded grocery store ice cream. you can taste the bitterness from the tea and i love it. every time i come in here i tell myself i'll get something different and i get peer pressured into the all you can eat sushi. no regrets!! all the offerings are amazingly delicious!!! definitely one of the best ayce offerings in connecticut. worth every penny went there with the $18 (for $30 of food) groupon. the deal is even better on weekdays. $15 for $30 of food. it is located in the glen locken mall in glastonbury. you really can't call it a mall. it is a older complex that never really took off and been in different stages over the years.the restaurant decor and wood work could use some updating, but overall it is a very pleasant place for a nice dinner or lunch. i ordered the steak teriyaki dinner and my lovely wife order three different rolls. everything was delicious and the portions were generous. i am not sure if i would go back for a full price dinner but the groupon was worth it. like another sushi place in glastonbury they are offering an all you can eat option. it is probably a good deal but it seems so tacky to shove you face with sushi and they charge you for leftovers. you cannot use the groupon on the all you can eat. if you want sushi buffet i know a great place in nyc and it is worth the trip (6 e 32nd st, new york, ny).some of the bad yelp reviews seem to be based on service. our server was ok but nothing to write home about. i ate enough sushi/sashimi in past 25 years to be able to judge the quality of a restaurant. min ghung is a hidden gem! it might not be well advertised and it is truly difficult to find for the first time, but i promise you will come back. i am not from ct, found this place while i was on my first business trip in hartford. i have been coming back here every time when i was in town. there are plenty of good sushi restaurants where i live, but i am always craving for the sashimi dinner from min chung when i am in town.  the owner is a humble and hard working man; my waitress laura is very friendly. i have to admit there was gristle in pink tuna, but they quickly replaced with yellowtail in stead. i don't normal bother with writing reviews, but want to let others know about this place since i make my dining decisions on public reviews. try for yourself and let me know what you think. we just had a great experience at min ghung, located in glen lochen. the service was good, as was the quality of the food. while it does not explicitly say there is all you can eat, they have menus for that service indicating that it is available everyday. we took advantage of that. since i'm not a fan of spicy food, i asked for the yuzu sauce on the side, and it came out as requested. thankfully, i tried it and it turns out that sauce is delicious! we plan on going back! as far as all you can eat sushi goes, min ghung is definitely a cut above the rest. the fish variety you get here is far more than the competition. even the appetizers stand out with whole bbq squid and the giant fried oysters. however, my main complaint would be that they don't offer straight up sashimi, rather, all of their fish is served on rice. they also charge extra if you don't finish. while i understand this, there are a few places that do offer pure sashimi. additionally, this place can be very difficult to find. tucked away in a new, half empty shopping center, it took us a solid 10 minutes to eventually stumble upon this gem located next to a dance studio. location aside, if you're looking to devour a large amount of fresh fish without breaking the bank, min ghung is the place to go. came here on a groupon this time. sushi was still great and there seemed to be more people around. they also have a private room in the back that i didn't mention before and this time, a group was back there. they still had the unique special rolls listed up on the wall near the bar, which is sad because my girlfriend was interested in trying something new this time. ... but we were too lazy to get up. :pso for food, we got our classic rolls: eel avocado, california, spicy tuna, and spicy salmon. rolls were all delicious and fresh. we also tried the chicken teriyaki dish. the chicken was juicy and tender, and there was plenty of the delicious teriyaki sauce. if i'm back here, i would probably get it again. definitely worth the money though. oh, and a little clarification of their vip program. each time you pay, you get 10% of your purchase as points. these points can be applied to your next meal. a little different than what i expected. the ambiance of the place is comforting like a family friends house and it's fun how it's secluded like a special fine in area. it was a friday when i went so you would think the weekend is a busy time for a restaurant but unfortunately they were very short staffed. our server was flustered and we had to called another waitress because every time i tried to get her attention she'd walk the other way and we were really thirsty. food was basic nothing with a wow factor. i must say you do get a great deal if you're very hungry and ordered the all you can eat dinner for $24.99 and you check off whatever you want and you get three rounds. not bad if you have a big appetite. overall 3.5 stars but i'll give it a four because i'm nice. the worst service ever!the rudest waitress i've ever met.have to wait 20-25 min before they take your order. then wait another 20 min for the food to come out.never seen a restaurant this slow.they ruined our night!never coming back here again this is a hidden gem in glastonbury. we come here every now and then and even have small parties with family from time to time and most recently was pleasantly surprised by the eat all you can menu. we will definitely be back again! back again, and another wonderful experience - both dining and service!met a friend who i had not seen in a while and had a leisurely dinner. not due to the service, but because we needed to catch up, and while we were there 4 hours, our server, molly, did not rush us one bit, but let us chat until we made eye contact, knowing we were ready.i even got to try a saki bomb!i must say that min ghung truly is, as others have pointed out, a "hidden gem" and i will be back! the food is tastes and looks amazing. the staff is really friendly and attentive. me and small group of friends try to make it a point to go at least once a week. great atmosphere for parties or just couples. i can't say enough about this restaurant.	1	1	1	1	1
 this is one of my local favorite spot! i come here quite frequently. it's perfect for when i'm on the go or come back late from work or even just too tired to cook. for six dollars you can get virtually any grinder and be full! their small should really be a large. incredible value for food....and it's tasty! mom and pop feel. the staff is always courteous. would highly recommend if you're in the area, going for a quick bite to eat, or just want to grab and go. there meatball grinders are fantastic! manchester grill is divided into two parts, one section is for dine in, the other is for takeout and pick ups. even if you're looking to eat in at a restaurant they have a whole section that helps accommodate that and that is family-friendly. we order very often and usually ok. this time we received a pizza delivery and the box was crushed and twisted. also the cheese was stuck on the top of the box it was a mess. worst place ever . first things first i received my order . that i payed for extra blue cheese & i received it with no extra blue cheese matter of factactually no blue cheese on the wrap at all. and when i called to let them no i received the worst customer service ever . he proceeded to tell me that there was in fact blue cheese which was a lie and then had the nerve to say "so it's ruined because we forgot the blue cheese" obviously if thats my favorite part . he was rude and had the nerve to make a joke when i pay 10$ for trash and had the generosity to tip . not only did they forget the blue cheese but the lettuce was brown & wilted . absolutely disgusting . i suggest this place to no one and will never return . due to the rudeness . everyone makes mistakes but that phone call & customer service was the worst i've ever experienced. always remain humble .... your customers will leave nasty reviews :) this is my family's go to pizza place. since lenny took it over, the food is outstanding. his sauce is top notch, it has a sweet 'tomatoey' finish. i've had everything from the veal parm, to the house special pizza. on the rare occasion that there was something not to my liking, lenny has always been gracious to take care of me. we also used their banquet center for my son's baby dedication. they did such a great job that several of my guests asked to speak to lenny about hosting a function there. the only downside on the banquet was the limited seating. i might have been able to invite a few more. the waitresses that i've had have been friendly and attentive. i ordered a large cheese pizza and the chicken gorgonzola dinner and had it delivered. the pizza was tasty but the chicken was very much lacking gorgonzola. it was just a very bland alfredo sauce. the portion was good but the taste was not worth the price paid. just came from a lovely event at the manchester grille - a smaller sized 'wedding' (under 50). i'm sorry the star rating tops out at "5" - this restaurant venue deserves a "10"!!!  the food was excellent - generous portions - the service was outstanding - lenny sanchez is a 'master' in the kitchen - and his lovely "greek goddess" wife sylvia is a stand out!! she did an amazing "verbal presentation" of the buffet menu - and deserved a round of applause!!! debbie and her wait staff serviced every guest - handled every detail with ease. this is "the place" for parties and social events. you'll be pleased with the delicious food, excellent menu choices, great service, more than fairly priced - all of this in a lovely private room setting.no charge for the room and you can bring your own cake - they are delighted to cut & serve!!!bridget l. generis, president & ceogeneris, inc.east hartford, ct. i am sad to report that i have to give manchester pizza my first 1 star rating. when we lived in town, manchester pizza was like our second kitchen. we would order from them on average once every week with overall positive results.unfortunately, on friday night we had a terrible experience. my husband was in town and we decided to order take out. i placed the order at 5:45 pm. i was told our food would be ready for pick up in 15-20 minutes. my husband arrived at 6:10 pm to pick up our order to find out our calamari was not ready. they handed my husband our other food while he waited. my husband had to wait 45 minutes for the calamari. while he was there, the phone did not stop ringing with more orders and our other food got cold. after finally receiving our calamari at 7 pm, he drove home with our food only to discover that they did not give us our entire order. they forgot our chicken wings (in which we paid for). i am very disappointed. manchester pizza has good food however not good service. i love the grinders here. they give you a lot for your money and cheaper than subway across the street for what you get. i hadn't had their pizza in quite some time and used to find the crust bland. i ordered a small pizza earlier today and it tasted a lot better. they're still very generous with the toppings. i was full after three slices and have a ton leftover. manchester pizza is a solid 3.5 stars. it's your typical neighborhood american-italian fare, nothing special, but everything is consistent. it's a simple place that seems to mainly cater to the locals but it's good. they typically offer nightly specials and there's plenty to order off of their regular menu. service has always been attentive and adequate whenever i've been.i do thoroughly enjoy their pizza and they are usually my go to for take out. their crust (somewhere between thin and thick) and sauce are delicious and are what makes it so good. i definitely recommend them for take out, and if you're in the area the restaurant isn't a bad option as well. a must visit! huge portions. fair prices. try the eggplant parm or princess chicken!! unbelievably delicious! waitress debbie fun and great!! my favorite place to eat!!! this is absolutely my favorite pizza place. i've tried almost all of their pizzas and all of them have been absolutely delicious. not only are their pizzas good, but many of their other entrees are delicious as well. from chicken alfredo to steak and cheese sandwiches to burgers and even salads, i've been eating here for over 15 years and i've had a great meal every time. the folks who work takeout are always courteous to me and i never encounter any rude employees. the portions and prices are reasonable and if you're in town or even the surrounding areas, i recommend you try manchester pizza and grill. definitely the best all around restaurant in manchester.....fair prices, good food, and lots of it.... so i really don't get the reviews here. in addition, i don't quite get the local buzz.generally when i ask about this place i get a bit of a shrugged shoulder response. "eh", they say.i've been twice now.. while the main dining room is a bit dated (the, seemingly always empty, bar looks fine though), the food and service has been great. plentiful, reasonably-priced, and really good. wait staff look like they go with the decor (they have fish tanks though!), but they are friendly and efficient. the clientele look like they've been going their for, well, forever.i've had a salad (fresh, big, etc.) and a grinder (quality, hot, tasty and huge).all of the rest of y'all can pass if you like, but i'm going back. it is not a in-the-middle-of-everything location, but if you are near the manchester big y it is just a jog down the road. check it out. hubby and i came here for just a casual celebration of our anniversary last weds evening. got there early and we were seated immediately. food was as always amazing! we had the chicken princess and the veal parm. the service was very friendly and accommodating. the issue... service was incredibly slow!! 30 minutes waited. we were done eating, napkins on plates ... we waited 30 min before she came by to ask if we needed a box or dessert or something. people that came in after we were seated left about 20 min before we did. it's ridiculous. place is great i hate it i eat there everyday for lunch and i'm gaining to much weight.owner is a cool person great with the kids and builds one on one with his customers above and beyond pizza and grinders great never ate inside so can't give my thoughts but great place he's been feeding me for 8 years had dinner with another couple. got a little worried when we saw how busy they were but it was a pleasant experience. waitress was caring and efficient. other staff chipped in. all meals were very good. chicken sorrentino, chicken francese, seafood grill and chicken parmigiana. they were hot and tasty. and the martinis were great and reasonably priced. our go to place for good honest food. still have never gone back to this dump. i also read that the health department found roaches in the kitchen. if you think i'm lying here's the proof:ftpcontent.worldnow.com/ if you want a floppy pile of grease this is your place. i called and told them this was the worst pizza i have ever had and i'm 42 years old!! we asked for well done. what a waste! didn't even offer another one. husband just went to take a slice and top slid right off. i think that says it all. husband said he gets less greasy changing car oil. after never having even heard of this place, we went out on a limb for an anniversary dinner. the chicken marsala was bland and sub par, very oily. the veal parmigiana was tough. the salads were fine, and the pre made rolls were fine. after frazzling the hostess, because we asked for a bigger table....we new it would be a rough dinner. she was so confused....and gave attitude. on our way out, a waitress barrelled through my ninety year old grandmother because she couldnt hear the waitress say excuse me....then walked away shaking her head muttering under her breath. unimpressed. will not return have gotten take out (pizza and grinders) several times and will continue to do so. however, i will never eat in the dining room again as the service is simply terrible. my husband and i ordered two appetizers and a salad as we wanted a light dinner. first, my drink was forgotten and i had to ask for it after i received the food. and the food came out one order at a time. first my appetizer, then the appetizer we shared, and then.... nothing. we waited and waited for the salad, finishing both appetizers in the meantime. and all that time, our server is pretty much awol. finally we see her and ask if we can cancel the salad, but no, it's just now coming up. by that time, we didn't want it so we just got it to go since they wouldn't let us cancel it. extremely disjointed service and not worth it. i'll stick to pizza to go in the future. i haven't even gotten food from this place yet, as it is being delivered, but my experience while ordering will probably make me not want to go back.i understand that people have bad days, and hey, they are at work! but, that is no excuse to answer the phone poorly, and then have a monotone, "i am bored and why are why are you calling us" voice on the phone. she tried to get me off of the phone quickly, was bland to the point of rude, and when i stopped her to let her know that i would like to pay with a card, she seemed exasperated and annoyed that i would dare want to use a cc. this pizza better be amazing, or they will never get my business again. judging from previous people on yelp, i am sure that their management could afford to change up the people that represent them... ordered several items to be delivered to enjoy while watching the football game. the food arrived just at kick off time. we ordered a couple of appetizers,along with a pasta dinner and a grinder. food arrived hot and delicious. the pasta dinner, a chicken and steak saut was well seasoned and the portion was more than generous for two people. the salad was simple but fresh. the grinder was good and prepared as ordered, light on the sauce. we order take out from this restaurant on a regular basis, the food is consistently good and delivery is prompt and courteous. we have dined in the restaurant a few times and found it to be a pleasant experience. however, we prefer the convenience of delivery. food okay. service slow. why does this kind of a place blare red neck country music? country music. oxymoron. this place used to be good when alex was a part of it. now lenny is running it. he is a joke. he shouldn't even be in this business.  rude beyond rude and absolutely no people skills whatsoever.  went sunday night with two other couples and what a disaster.  from the servers helper dropping ranch dressing on the floor and it going all over my brothers clothes to the waitress being hard to find, special requests in the food screwed up. my brother had a dish that had seafood (no shells)  he was enjoying it until he got grit that was not sand. rather granular unidentifiable particles. he totally lost his appetite.  he told the waitress and she said she would be right back.  well, she did not come back, lenny the owner, cook, chef whatever you want to call him came to the table and asked what the problem was. my brother proceeded to tell him about the grit he not only swallowed but seemed to be through out his entree. lenny looks at him and says "sir, have you never had seafood before". really???? my brother says it is not from the seafood. it is granular texture. lenny again asks him about ever having seafood out before. my sister says to him how dare you talk to a customer like this. his meal is no good and he is trying to tell you about it. she stated at that time that she would never come back here which angered him even more. he made a couple comments to my husband and i about bending over backwards for us in previous parties we had thrown there. i said what have you done and chuckled. he then stated he would either make him another dish as my brother declined and then said he would take it off the bill.  as he walked back to he kitchen, he yelled out in the dining room to our server "give them the full bill". a couple minutes went by and coming to our table is lenny. he took the bill and plopped it in from of my brother and walked away. reviewing the bill, he did not comp the meal. we hemmed and hawed about what to do. we decided to pay the bill and that would be our last time in this establishment. as we were walking out he yelled, "don't forget to go on the internet and bad mouth us now". all this jerk had to do is say i am sorry you did not like the meal. we will gladly make you something else or take it off the bill period.  we walked out approximately 6::45 and there was only one table in the whole place occupied. maybe lenny needs to go to owning a business for dummies class.  i know many other people who will not go to this place and i am continuing to tell people about this incident so maybe the guy will figure out why six good customers will never step into this horrible place to dine.  beware people. if the business isn't doing well, maybe the quality of food won't be well either!!!!  pretty much all our meals were not up to temp that's for sure!! ugggg. jerk. excuse the one star that yelp made me click on. not deserving of any we've been to this place a few times for dinner and it's always been consistently good. enormous portions, reasonably priced, fast, friendly service. however, we ordered delivery one evening and the boyfriend had an explosive episode of food poisoning from a sausage pasta dinner. he's not completely convinced it was food poisoning and not just his stomach reacting to all the grease he ate but i'm not so sure. we typically eat somewhat healthy so i suppose it's possible, but i'm nervous about trying this place again - at least for delivery. my favorite pizza in manchester, not to mention all the other great food they have! we've called for delivery many times and also eaten in their restaurant and have never had a bad experience. everything's great from the fresh salads to the hearty grinders to the delicious entrees! friendly staff and fast service too...one of the best restaurants around. the owner should be aware, the food is good but your waitstaff can put you out of business. we will never be back, spent quite a bit of money and the waitress forgot everything, our drinks, bread, grated cheese. she was too busy joking with employees in the other room. not a good experience. best pizza in the manchester, vernon, south windsor area hands down! every time we eat italian somewhere else, we regret it. about 5 years ago they weren't so good, so i think they are under new ownership now. they also deliver, a big plus!regarding other review... they do have soda refills and they definitely have high chairs, as i have been there with a 2 year old and a 6 month old. i tried to like this place, i really did especially since it is walking distance from my house. they are just very disappointing every time. i usually carry out and the women at the counter are always rude and seem disinterested to even be working there. i've even stopped to just get dessert and was greeted with a "you got an order or what you need". rude. the last thing i had was a bbq chicken pizza, horrible. i've had some bad pizza, trust me, but this was the worst. it tasted like it was made with red wine vinegar or something, i threw the pizza out and call someone else (down the st, read my other reviews and you will know who to call). definitely not worth the time or money with so many other good places out there. must give a mixed review here, only three stars. reason will be obvious. the good: the food. we went as a party of four and all of us enjoyed our meals greatly. friend had scallops which she said were fantastic, partner had chicken parm, equally good, and other party had whole bellies. also raved about. i had ordered the steak gorgonzola which appeared to be, the way it was written on special menu, to be a steak on top of pasta. what arrived was penne drenched in a gorgonzola sauce with slices of steak. it was very tasty - but i was disappointing that the menu was written so confusingly and that when i asked how i wanted my steak cooked the waitress did tell me that wasn't an option (and should have taken a chance to tell me how it was really prepared).the not so good: sitting in the ladies room doing my business, i look up and see a large number of dead bugs in the light panels. these were not flies based on the size, length, type of their bodies. (and frankly, even if they were, still eww). there were so many of them it was really obvious and gross. i realize pests are problems for restaurants but good restaurants should stay on top of them and not make them obvious to patrons.i want to go back because the food was so good but am hesitant based on the bug display.	1	1	1	1	0
 well tried another restaurant tonight with lily have to give kudos to hartford road pizza i love sausage and meatball grinders but have always been disappointed with the flavor of the sausage usually never had a taste to add to the flavor of the meatballs but i have to say hartford road pizza uses a nice hot sausage which has a mice robust flavor. now let me tell you about the pizza lily ordered it was the spaghetti and meatball what a great idea it was as if you had your spaghetti and meatballs placed on a warm slice of garlic bread it was a nice combo with great flavor in each biteyou really should give them a try, and when you do please say hi to patty she is a scream and a great waitress. they do serve beer and wine. the only reason i gave it 4 star is i want to go back and try something else to which i don't think i'll be disappointed stopped by on my way home, first time visiting. ordered a meat lovers pizza. the pizza tasted good however i am not a big fan of extra thick crust i prefer n.y. style pizzas. decided to try this joint one more time as a pick up instead. i call in my order and this time i asked them to not make the crust so thick & the lady literally did not understand what i meant. after placing me on a long hold she said ok. go to pick up the pizza and once i get home.. you guessed it.. extra thick crust this is our go to pizza place .. since they are one of few who deliver home around the area.anytime we have friends over we order from here and usually one large pizza , one portion garlic bread and some buffalo wings does the trick. reasonably priced ...all for around 50 bucks.the pizzas are lil deep dish not thin crust... huge.cut into squares.flavorful,loaded and still warm when delivered.1/2 portion garlic breads should be good unless you have more than 3-4 ppl. i ordered delivery. the lasagna was more expensive than other pizza places. it showed up lukewarm and tasteless. almost $20 for a single entree plus delivery. i would hope at least it was hot. there are other pizza and italian places within a mile of this one who offer delivery, food is great, hot, and prices are more reasonable. i come here a few times a month normally on my way home from work. food is always delicious, service is always outstanding, and you can tell the entire staff truly cares about what they are doing. quick example: as i mentioned, i only come in 2-3 times a month. when i order my pizza, i like it pie cut instead of the traditional squares. today i forgot to mention it but when the gentleman making my pizza saw me he asked the server to ask me if i wanted it pie cut. may sound trivial but i really appreciated that. it's not like in come in every few days and they all know my order by heart but he remembered me and my order. i recommend this place to everyone i can and will continue to do so. keep up the great work! highly recommend, i order a small pepperoni pizza and boneless buffalo wings with blue cheese. a bit expensive but so worth it!! i fell in love with the place as soon as my boyfriend and i found out about it. the staff is so friendly and welcoming, food is always fresh! amazing place! love the pizza and grinders here. staff is friendly and provides great customer service! for starters as a background of my taste i am from the new haven area and like pizza like pepe's modern, abates. i also enjoy a big y pizza when in the party mood. in search of other places near by i tried this place. i'm so disappointed. i ordered a large meatball pizza and an order of buffalo wings- bone in (9). the pizza was not good. it was warm but the sauce was nonexistent tomato paste like. the flavor was just not there either. the buffalo wings were a huge disappointment because they were breaded fried chicken with a small cup half full of buffalo sauce on the side. i would have been better at kfc. specially when it came to $33. i'd recommend mulberry street or piatti's for a good pie. i tried to give no stars but customer service was average so congressional one star. best pizza in manchester!!! the food is amazing, the waitress is always so nice and we are never disappointed! it's a homey restaurant that you will want to keep coming back to. the inside is small, but there is a bar, a tv and outdoor seating. pros- friendly waitress, tv/bar, amazing food, large portions, not too pricey, take out/ delivery, outside seating con- not a lot of sitting room (inside) ordered delivery from here for the first time last week. the lady taking the order was very nice and helpful, but that was the only five star part of the experience.we ordered a medium cheese pizza, buffalo wings, and a half order of garlic bread. it came to 30 dollars which seemed a little much for the amount and quality of the food. the food was just okay. not bad, but nothing i would rush to order again. the sauce on the pizza wasn't that great, but i did like the crust. not just a super clean, homey atmosphere where everyone seems to know each other, (in a good way) but the dough is always fresh, (it matters!), food is always exceptional and the service always with smiles. they truly are the master of pizza, did i mention they have a great al fresco area?pamela s. solid little pizza place. 3.5 stars. not sure they officially take reservations, but they're kind enough to setup a table if we call in our order ~10 minutes before arriving, which is very helpful with keeping lunch short on a work day. they also have hosmer soda, which is a nice little treat each time i go. can't wait to try some of the other specialty pizzas.. reliably solid pizza. i am a huge new haven pizza fan, but there are days when i want something that is more about the toppings than the crust. the spicy chicken and meat bonanza pizzas really hit the spot from here! plain cheese and simpler pies are nothing to write home about - order something loaded with toppings and you will be happy.they also do the papa john's style square cut which i am a fan of. it's very good pizza for the style it is, which is the type of pizza that is cut into squares, isn't very deep, but isn't thin crust either. i don't know any official title for that, other than saying it's not chicago or new york style. i prefer new york style, so that's why it doesn't get a better rating from me.they do a very good at putting the toppings right into the pizza. it doesn't taste or look like they're lazily put on, they mostly put the toppings right underneath the cheese. there sauce isn't too overpowering and there's a fair amount of cheese but it doesn't feel like there is too much or too little of either.i've only picked up pizza here so can't describe the conditions inside well. overall it definitely makes for a good but not great pizza. i'd recommend it. a family-owned operation that serves up delicious italian food made with family recipes gathered for over 40 years. their pizzas are fabulous, with a crunchy, chewy crust and a variety of toppings both common and not-so-common. take, for instance, their spaghetti and meatball pizza - spaghetti and sliced meatballs coated in spaghetti sauce and topped with parmesan and mozzarella cheese. on a pizza! so clever!read more at: acoupleinthekitchen.us/2 my favorite pizza in town. calzones, pasta fagioli and eggplant garlic bread are delicious. not the place to get a pizza pie in manchester. ordered at 1:30 pm which seems to be after the lunch rush but they said it would be a half hour for a small pizza. when i arrived the cheese on the pizza was caked up as if it had been sitting for 30 minutes. the pizza crust was decent but it was too saucy and the sauce was can sauce-nothing special. deceptive pricing.website shows a one topping pizza at $17.50. we ordered a one topping pizza. we showed up and were told that meatball is a "specialty topping," so the one topping pizza would cost an additional $4.50. just not acceptable.the pizza was okay, but i'm going to order from mulberry if they can't be bothered to be transparent in their pricing and i'm paying as much anyway.no thanks. i recently moved the manchester and have been i search of the perfect slice around. i thought the pizza was great! especially after i have had some of the other pizza places on broad st and around town. i only have problems with the prices. i ordered a small cheese and a small soda and paid $16. i felt it was really overpriced. but i will say they have the best crust and sauce i've had in manchester so far. this place has the best sauce and meatballs in the area! i have to get a weekly fix of either pasta & meatballs, or even better yet - a toasted meatball grinder! great service and friendly staff... greg the owner is a huge supporter of local events, charities, etc.hrp rocks! i love this pizza. it is on the greasy side, but delicious! service is slow, so if you are getting delivery or takeout keep that in mind. it's worth the wait though! yep... thought it was odd that i could put a pizza place right in the middle with three stars. it was destined to teeter one way or the other. 2 groupon-purchased pizzas later and i'm reluctant to even offer 2-stars.my last two experiences brought either an absurdly long wait beyond the estimated time for pick up (it's okay if you're busy... just don't tell me 15 minutes and then have me standing there waiting for a half hour when i show up on time) and a greasy, burned, otherwise flavorless mess that i could barely force down a single piece of. i love pizza......a lot! we had a groupon for this place so we went there this weekend for an early dinner. all in all, it was barely an decent experience.the pizza (which is cut into squares....not so annoying and great if you have kids) is merely okay. not good, not bad. a sprinkle of red pepper helped a lot and we had more than enough for the next day.....but it's nothing i would go out of my way for....even if i lived locally. the chicken parm dinner, on the other hand, was a complete disaster. my husband took one bite and wouldn't even take the rest home. the chicken was so mushy that once he unearthed the mound of sauce and cheese that covered it, it was simply awful.the prices are a bit steep for such a local place....but they seem to do a lot of takeout business.i gave it 2 stars b/c the staff are very friendly and the pizza wasn't as bad as some 1-star pizza that i've had in the past. went here on a friday night for pizza. i had never been here before, but my bf is a big fan. we split with the luigi salad to start and it was delicious. spinach, tomatoes, black olives and capicola, pepperoni and salami and the dressing is a simple olive oil/vinegar with parmesan cheese. i can't wait to have another. we each ordered our own pies and they were yummy. the bf had the spinach, potato pizza and instead of sausage he had pepperoni. i had the hawaiian. they were both great and we had leftovers, even better! the service was great. it is a small place, but they do have a patio if you want to dine outdoors. pizza used to be great but they have gone down hill. if you ask for pie cut they never read the instructions. seems like a lot of kids are running it now. not worth the price anymore love their food! i'm not a huge veggie pizza fan, but their version is amazing! their sauce is tasty and they aren't skimpy on their pizza toppings. they also have really good salads and grinders. i haven't had any meals from there, but i've always enjoyed everything i've ever had. their staff is very friendly. the only downside to the place is its size! there is not a lot of room inside with only about 5-6 tables and makes waiting for take out quite snug! however the food is worth it! i've been here many times and think the food and service are great - reading joe b.'s review has spurred me to throw my own opinion out there. first, the pizza is some of the best you can get. the sauce is awesome and the crust is perfect - just the right thickness and not too bland like some other places. my daughter loves it, when i bring home pizza from here she keeps asking for another slice. i work in the manchester area and this is also a great place to stop for lunch. they have great service and the sandwiches and soup are fantastic. if you haven't tried this place yet you definitely should! if you grew up in windsor and love wilson pizza you will love hartford road pizza. it's a thicker, fluffy crust great sauce and great speciality pizzas. they have great wings too. down to earth staff too. when i first heard this place was opening i was like "oh great another pizza place in town .  then i found out who owned it.  gregg p from gino's of east hartford .  so i gave it a try and food is awesome. i am hooked on the in house roasted green peppers.  i order whole grinders for work and cut them in quarters they are that big. it lasts me most of the week.  now there are pizza chef's so sometimes the pizza's can be greasy or what not but beats domino's and pizza hut any day excellent thick crust pizza! normally i am a fan of thin crust pizza but make exceptions when the dough is right, and these guys always do it right. the pizza toppings are fresh and you get a generous amount of them. they also make huge sub sandwiches, i have tried the ham and chicken cutlet and both come stuffed with meat, toppings and some of the best roasted peppers i have ever had.the staff is all very friendly and go out of their way to make you feel at home whether you are picking up or dining in the restaurant. if you are looking for quality food and a great time, look no further than this place!	1	0	0	1	1
 i came to rooftop 120 for happy hour before the paint night they were hosting. my friend and i sat at the bar, and immediately the bar tender told us that on tuesdays they offer half priced bottles, followed up by "let me guess... ros?" he wasn't too far off the mark with that one. we ordered a bottle and he was very attentive to making sure our glasses were consistently refilled! contrary to some other reviews, i thought the service was very attentive and it did not take a while to get our drinks or food.in addition to half priced bottles on tuesdays, there is also an option to do an appetizer + entre combo for $19.95. some of the appetizers were salads or hummus plates entres included a pasta dish, salmon and a burger. my friend and i each got something different so we could share. the food was simple and ok. not overly flavorful or unique, but mainly bar food with an otherwise high price tag. they do have a variety of events and paint nights so i would follow that calendar for something fun and different, but am not likely to make this a regular dining establishment. i have so many mixed feelings about this place. i'm usually here for happy hour, since it's always on a list of options for the company happy hour poll. the happy hour specials are pretty good and they usually have something good on tap. food isn't bad either, pricey but tastes pretty good. good views, great views of the sunset in the summer, nice vibes; i can see why everyone wants to come here. but for a happy hour place that's considered the "hot spot" for greater hartford and glastonbury, i wish they would do better. if i'm in a smaller group (2-5 people), it works pretty well for a nice intimate happy hour if we come early. but in larger groups, i always feel hesitant and well, disappointed. we learned the hard way that for any larger group we shouldn't try to be seated and served at the bar. it actually felt like it was something the restaurant discourages! it's typical practice to ask for separate checks in advance. never have i heard of a restaurant not having a system that can't split checks efficiently like they say at rooftop 120. if you are a hot happy hour spot, shouldn't that be offered to generate more business? we had one experience where we made the mistake of actually sitting down in a larger group, and when someone wanted to leave early it turned our attempt to have a good time into an hour of two of angry friends trying to calculate and split the check ourselves. definitely left a sour taste. for a party of ten, they kept moving us for not knowing where to put us. for a party of twenty five in a different visit, they barely could offer seating and even attempted to kick us out if we took up too much space. some of my coworkers were carded multiple times, and it seemed especially unnecessary when the third or fourth time someone had to go to their car to get a different form of id (after we were served drinks) and the person who asked for the id forgot that they had even requested he waste his time to go and do that. it's to the point where if someone mentions we have a happy hour coming up at rooftop 120, i have coworkers that consider not going due to the choice of location. i think there's such potential for this restaurant/bar to do business better. definitely opportunities to better system efficiency, customer service, and manage their flow of patrons. i guess i'll be here whenever there's a happy hour picked here, but i'm there for the people, not the pricey food or questionable service. to win back customer dissatisfaction, you must create customer joy. this was the worst experience. the manager was so rude. we asked for a table and at least 4 were open. he told us it was a half hour wait. we waited and watched our surroundings, the tables were not being filled. felt like we were being singled out. very unfortunate because i was looking forward to trying this place coming from west hartford and wanted to try a new place in glastonbury. i felt like i was slumming it. no cushions on the chairs..... fish and chips for 22.00???? no thanks! this place was a joke the food options are very small! the actual food is overpriced and wasn't good ! the waitress was very slow and if the tip wasn't included i wouldn't have given one ! service was beyond poor.... the waiters that passed by from the bar was more helpful than the one serving my table ! wouldn't go again what a disappointing dinner; the drinks were very average, the ambience was extremely loud. for the appetizers we got the thai calamari and it was ok, the thai sweet sauce was smeared on calamari and it was ok. what disappointed me the most was my entree dish - steak and frites, i asked for the steak to be medium rear and oh boy the steak was so freaking stinky and very bitter. i could not finish a bite of it. the waitress was kind enough to take it back. i ordered for the philly cheese steak flatbread instead and it was good.i've been to rooftop before and my experience was good. the two star rating this time around was only because of the bitter piece of steak. i'll be back again and will update the review based on that. honestly this place is only good for their drinks and appetizers. the entrees are horrible. my friend ordered the tortellini primavera and the pasta was so over cooked and bland. i ordered the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw on it and it tasted funny and smelled suspicious. we didn't eat our food. i took one bite and she only took a few from her pasta before she couldn't bare it anymore. we told the waitress who said she would inform management but they didn't seem to care. this isn't the first time i've gone here and had a problem with the service. management only seems to care about getting your money and not ensuring quality service or food. so expensive. that is what i remember after leaving this place. the small tapas were generally good and their fries were very good but for one person not going crazy on alcohol i feel like over 100$ was just crazy. this place is getting two stars because i enjoyed the food and atmosphere. other than that - i found it weird that we had to pay a cover to get into the restaurant part. also, when we got a table it had shards of glass all over the seat! the person cleaning tables just took the glass and didn't really care. wasn't normal. it also took maybe 30 minutes for an actual waitress to come over ...she said she couldn't see us while she was at the bar a few feet away. $$$$$food is awful and expensive. cocktails are watered down, maybe even lacking any alcohol at all so i'd suggest sticking with beer if you are here. only reason why this is getting more than one star is because it is a good place to hangout in the summer if you manage to get outdoor seating and they have $1 oysters. haven't been here in over a year and i would have to say my experience this past weekend was just like my experience last year. not that impressive. the rooftop bar is the highlight of this spot. maybe i expected too much but my night fell flat. drinks are ok nothing to write home about and i felt the same way about the food. the bartender was very nice which was a plus. if you want to sit on a rooftop i recommend this place. every few weeks, i find myself at rooftop for happy hour, for dinner, for a "view" of the town. it serves many different purposes and always does the trick. for the price, the happy hour items are not the best in town, but they're definitely enticing enough if you're nothing looking for something tropical (lots of cocktails!) and a bar bite. the popcorn shrimp, which tim m. insisted on, had a very satisfying sriracha aioli as dipping sauce. i wish they had a few better beers on tap.this spot is super popular on the weekends. the clientele is very diverse, and it's great for people watching. i made a reservation for 6:15 on a tuesday. i arrived at exactly 6:15 and the hostess said there'd be a 20-minute wait. so we went elsewhere. why take reservations if they aren't going to honor them? might be a slightly tipsy review but that's a good thing for a roof top bar!  great, great, great drinks. super fun and relaxed atmosphere. great crowd, attentive staff and the bar food is very delicious. good happy hour prices.drinks: blood orange martini and grapefruit martinis- both scrumptious. food: sweet chili wings, buffalowings, popcorn shrimp, flatbread, hummus- all really delicious and decently sized for happy hour prices. i will be back!! but not leaving just yet first time there, and will say the atmosphere is fun. it was great to sit outside and enjoy the weather. make a reservation, or grabbing a seat won't be easy. our waitress was great, and the food was okay. it was a saturday night and we were there for our friend's 30th birthday. i played designated driver, so i remained sober for the evening, but that was clearly not every other patrons goal. someone vomited on the bathroom door, and left a pool of it outside the door. i believe it was cleaned quickly, but still gross. my friends and i brought great business, were not rowdy compared to others, and if you're promoting a party atmosphere what you see is what you get. my friend, the birthday boy, went outside to smoke a cigarette later in the evening, and was denied re-entry. he was intoxicated, but again, not rowdy, nor out of control compared to others who remained inside the bar. our excellent waitress, had actually slowed his intake, which was the completely responsible thing to do, however the bouncer was extremely rude and provided no reason as to why our friend could not come back in. i made it clear to him i was his driver, and at this time was only drinking water. our waitress even tried to explain that he should be allowed in, but the bouncer was not having it. all he said was "he is not going back in." the only advice i can give is don't go outside for a smoke? pretty disappointed that we had to leave early, after spending over $200 on alcohol and food. had a post cocktail many hour reception after one of our kids got married at 2 hopewell. matt ruddy ( gm ) and his crew were beyond amazing. food drinks, and most importantly service was 10 star all night long. from the moment you walk in, the vibe hits you. as a nyc native, this place was like a piece of home located in glastonbury (without the expensive prices). a little hard to find when driving in (i went at night so the in the daytime, it may be easier to find), but we'll worth the five seconds of stress when trying to figure out if i had made the right turn.i was greeted my welcoming hosts and led to a table on the rooftop upon arrival. rachel was my first server (there was a mistake about which table was who's) and after explaining to her the kinds of drinks i like, she recommended a similar version of a french martini (i think it was called "i wanna sex you up"). bubbly personality and super attentive. my table then became scott's table. scott was such a great server! he made sure i was taken care of and that my food was prepared to my liking. being outside, there's always the possibility that a fly can land in your drink and unfortunately, that's what happened to me. although i was willing to pay for another, he just had the bartender replace the drink for me. great service. amazing food. yummy drinks.if you go there, ask for rachel or scott. they embody everything a great server should be! i have to say this review might sound biased as rooftop 120 is one of my favorite places east of the river to get a drink after work (or anytime really who am i kidding). the staff is always friendly and inviting and the bar manager, tyler, makes an effort to remember his guests and treat them well! this last visit to rooftop was for a blogging event. we were provided cocktails from the summer menu along with food samplings from the new menu. everything was perfect and delivered and explained wonderfully. the bar can get a little crazy on weekend nights in the summer but what more would you expect from a four season bar with a great outdoor space. if you're looking for a more intimate dinner experience grab at table at nosh inside the restaurant. the staff and food are impeccable and i always leave having a great experience. live music on thursdays and saturdays, 1/2 price bottles of wine on tuesday nights and special events during the week. i'll be going back tonight for their fourth wine dinner of the season and i can't wait! fun during the warmer months. great views, unbeatable outdoor patio and decent happy hour. not counting happy hour, many items are overpriced -- both food and drink. you would think with the price tag comes great quality, but you'd be sorely mistaken. all things considered, the happy hour is decent and it's a fun place to hang out, but i would catch dinner somewhere else, and then maybe come here for quick drink afterwards. parking is tough, you will probably find yourself opting for the underground garage as the lot above is always packed. service is hit or miss. fyihappy hour -- tues-sat: 430-630pm i really like this bar, but if i'm being honest it's not a 5-star place in glastonbury. it's a great atmosphere and the drinks are good. the table service is very slow, it's faster to just order drinks at the bar. the waitstaff and bar staff are very friendly and helpful, the kitchen is just very slow so if you're ordering food, be prepared to wait. great happy hour spot on a sunny day or warm night, but don't stop in if you're in a rush. take a seat and get comfortable :) double check your charges when leaving here! i signed for a certain amount, added a 20% tip, checked my account in the morning and they added over $60 to my bill. i will be using cash going forward. tyler at the bar is amazing! he was busy that night so we went to another male bartender who made this error! tyler is the only reason why i and 6 other people will still bother to come back. besides the hiccup my friends and i always have a great time here. other scores: food is a 3(average). drinks are a 4. ambiance/environment is a 4. thank you! a summer friday night, friends and i came around 10 for the nice setting and drinks/dancing and were really disappointed. i've been several times before and the crowd was always sophisticated and 30 something+ but let's just say it seems to have taken a nosedive. saw men dressed in sloppy tees, trucker hats, ladies in casual shorts and quite a bit of twerking on the outside deck. i'm no prude nor priss, but it's just not the place i experienced last time that got me recommending to friends. there is nowhere to stand unless you're standing tightly around the bar. i get it, it's a bar, but just saying. we tried to stand in front of the pretty bottle wall but were told to move as it is a picture focal point of guests, apparently. so take heed. we would have preferred a table, however that is reserved for those ordering food and after 10p, we had already eaten, haven't most? of note: there is an entire other side of the establishment with dining accommodations for the hungry. rather surprising that by 11:30p, all toilet paper was gone save for the one roll that was passed around by those using the 3 stalls. classy. and forgive us for asking for water at the bar, and only leaving a $5 tip for the fill which the bartender/ manager apparently didn't appreciate. just an aside note: last time my husband left his tab open, we left with $100 bill we largely weren't responsible for. forgiven, but just had to mention. anyhow, i was the dd and don't think i'll be driving friends back here anytime soon. too bad; it's a nice spot and there aren't too many rooftop bars around, and in the affluent town of glastonbury i expected better like i had experienced previously. the food is very good here, but it's a bit pricey. still though, for a nice evening out on a rooftop bar, enjoying life, it's very worth it. i'd highly recommend going for their happy hour, the strawberry sangria is delicious there. stopped here for a quick drink at the bar a couple of weeks ago - arrived on a saturday around 7pm and it was packed. it might have been because there was a town wide event because i thought it was a bit early to be crowded but maybe not . rooftop 120 fills a sorely lacking void in the hartford area - a place where 30ish people can go and not feel like they are entering a meat market. the dress of it's patron was nice - glad to know there is a place where you still have to "dress to impress".i was luck to snag a seat for myself and my guest and we were quickly given drink menus by the very very busy bartender. after a quick glance at the drink list - i ordered a moscow mule and my guest a beer. i have been enjoying this drink recently but was disappointed when it was presented to me. for an upscale bar i did not expect it to be presented in a pint glass - what????? however the drink was spot on and i would have gotten another but flagging down the bartender was an olympic feat. he probably could not hear me - it was so loud in the bar, actual conversations could not be had in the bar area. when i finally did - i was over rooftop - too loud, too crowded and it was too much work to get some service.i will give it another chance just need to make sure i bring a mega phone along with me. upon arrival we were greeted by the hostess and told we could find anywhere to sit at the bar since outside seating was only for food. we eventually decided to order food and were questioned as to whether or not we would truly be ordering food in an extremely rude and undermining manor. although we were on the younger end of the spectrum when it came to the nights patrons we were still here to spend money. once seated we waited 20 minutes after being told our waitress would be sent right over and eventually had to flag someone down to even find out who our server was. our orders were promptly taken once she arrived and the food/drinks did come out fast. the atmosphere was extremely fun but the night had already been taken down a notch by the rude manner in which we were treated. overpriced for the quality of food and drink, but a must-try-once all the same. advertised as new england's largest four-season rooftop bar, rooftop120 is a fun place to go out on the town in the hartford area. it's located in a shopping plaza in downtown glastonbury, a short drive from hartford and west hartford. offering both indoor and outdoor spaces, it's got a cool vibe and a vibrant nightlife, full of music, mingling patrons in their 20s, 30s, and 40s, and comfy couches and booths. the bar is beautiful, but it can be hard to get a drink quickly when they're busy. the food is decent, but nothing to write home about. check out plan b or sakura garden downstairs for dinner and then head up here afterwards for your drinks.tips:-parking lot can be crowded on weekend evenings--they have valet parking available, as well as an underground lot (free).-check living social or groupon before stopping by, they often have good deals on these sites which can cut your bill down significantly.-want the views but not the loud crowds? stop by for a lunch or brunch and enjoy the same view in a more relaxed manner. this place survives on the good view, lack of competition, a good happy hour, and the deep pockets of the glastonbury residents. overpriced mediocre food, mediocre drinks as well, and an annoying layout that makes the huge space seem always too crowded. it's a fun place to hang out, sure, but i would catch dinner somewhere else, and then maybe come here for drinks afterwards. don't bother buying any of the groupons or whatever online, as they are only good for dinner, and as noted, the food here is meh. sorry can't seat the two of you until all four get here. but you can sit at a high top in the direct sun. uh ok. not like the place was really busy. see photo. empty tables everywhere. it was 4:30pm and our friends were on the way. so we basically stood in front of one of them starring at the empty tables not allowed to sit. but i guess its policy. so is taking a credit card upfront with an order which is a little tacky. and those happy hr wings that use to be a dozen have it penned in on the menu as 1/2 dozen now (literally hand written on the menu). lots of things here that is not very classy for a "nice place". people go to briccos in the same plaza. better food and way better service. food gets a four. service gets a two. service is friendly, yet inattentive. had to keep asking for utensils for dinner and dessert.diversity in menu. something for everyone.was told it was a meat market and the food described as 'meh'. didn't find either to be true. one was a disappointment the other a relief. large bar but looked like regulars were cliquey. outdoor dining with tables, bar tables and couches. we came here yesterday for drinks at what turned out to be happy hour- i was pleasantly surprised at the saturday happy hour, as that strikes me as unusual both for glastonbury and for any restaurant in general. we arrived a little early (they opened at 5 but let us in anyway). it seems like most of the happy hour drinks were about a dollar less than usual, although martinis were the best deal (usually $12.75, $9 during happy hour). i ordered the little black dress (tito's, muddled lime and blackberries, soda, and white cranberry juice, garnished with a cucumber). i expected it to be sweeter than it was but it's okay that it wasn't - makes it seem healthier. =)we ordered the baby hummus plate off the small bites menu ($5). this came with hummus, roasted red peppers, pesto, and tomatoes. for dipping, we were given pita triangles, carrots, and celery. the carrots and celery were an extra $1.25 (which we weren't aware of)- not sure i'd add those on again as they were pretty tasteless, but the hummus, pesto, and roasted red pepper combo on the pitas was delicious- the pesto added a really nice flavor that i haven't encountered on many restaurant hummus appetizers. the hostess and the bartenders were all very welcoming, knowledgeable, and attentive. i'll consider coming back again to try another drink and some other menu items. i'll admit, at this point it probably wouldn't be my first choice as a place to go in comparison with other places i've been, but i will say that i think i have to give this a fresh shot in the summer- a lot of the appeal is the rooftop outdoor seating. sitting outside in the warm setting sun with a refreshing drink in my hand is something i'm very much looking forward to after being cooped up over this snowy winter! i'll have to do another review then. i've been to the rooftop 6-8 times. each time it seems to get better and better. happy hour prices on drinks and food are very fair. the atmosphere is always friendly and inviting. if you sit outside on a nice weekend day or a warm night it just adds to the whole vibe. great place for couples or singles. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is i've only eaten happy hour food i haven't tried dinner yet. i love it!!!!	0	0	1	1	1
 today you made our day! we had ordered from another local pizza place and was so disappointed that i suggested to my husband to order from you guys and wow we are so satisfied!!! thank you for making great pizza, calzones and delicious food! my family has been faithful customers of woodbridge pizza for years but my last 2 delivery's have been negative experiences. they are charging more than their menu prices with no explanation and when i asked for a paper menu to be delivered with my order they did not bring them even though they said they would. all i wanted was a wrap for dinner. i was told there was a 10 dollar minimum for delivery, so i ordered an order of onion rings as well that i really didn't want. then when it was delivered my $12 worth of food cost almost $16! the delivery driver (who didn't bring the menus) stated that the reason for the price difference was because theres a delivery fee of a dollar or something, she didn't know the amount and couldnt show me on the bill since it wasn't itemized. then ofcourse, even though i already paid a fee for delivery and a minimum for delivery.......i still tipped her because thats the right thing to do. so by the time it was said and done i ended up with an $18 bill for $12 worth of food, when all i wanted when i called was a $6.99 sandwich. after she left i did the math, and even if they charged tax with the delivery fee included (which they shouldn't) it still didn't add up to close to what they charged me. its a shame that their customer service has gone downhill and that they are charging more than the menu prices....they have lost several long time loyal customers over bad customer service and a couple dollars. i hope it was worth it....my family or my co-workers wont be coming here any longer. the only reason im still giving 2 stars is that the food is still good. what a shame.... delicious pizza. probably one of the best places in the area next to pepe's. when my coworkers and i are looking for a place to deliver, we usually end up ordering from woodbridge. their everything but anchovies pizza is amazing. the ingredients are fresh and this is definitely a staple. still really good. i have discovered that i get cravings for their white hawaiian pizza which keeps me going back. it's not listed on the menu but if you ask they will make it. it's a hawaiian pizza with bacon and fresh tomato in white sauce and it soooo good. so far they have been consistent with their offerings and the place keeps busy. nice local pizza shop! pizza itself is delicious. medium thickness with a great, flavorful sauce. on off nights their delivery is quick. weekends/popular nights it can take awhile but since i live close it comes nice and hot most of the time. last night i had their chicken wings for the first time. tasty! definitely a go-to place for my family overall! also if you're a hawaiian pizza lover their's comes with the added bonus of bacon bits. from florida visiting family and we came here and we had great food, great service and the local soda is great. love the sports memorbilia. ordered from here over the weekend. not my type of pizza but it was good. everything was fresh and the sauce was very tasty. the delivery guy was super nice and very pleasant. kinda elevated the experience for me. i got an everything pizza and boy was it loaded with toppings. we will defiantly give them another go. i want to try some of the entres since they delivery and my wife is not a fan of cooking.. huge and delicious slices bigger than my face at such a great price. two slices will surely make you full. love how you can get just a slice in any of their specialties if you're craving more than one type. their small pizza is good enough for two too. veggie, margherita, and carnita's especial had flavorful fresh toppings. great red sauce. love the originality of the carnitas especial. delivery was good. pizza was still hot.only complaint is that their crust was super chewy and one of the few times i elected not to eat the crust of a pizza. just ordered pizza from woodbridge. i like the fact that they have a large selection of specialty pizzas, but i love that they have a large selection of ala carte options to build my own. i live in bolton ct, so i do not have a ton of delivery options, and i am picky about my crust. the best way to equate it is how does it taste the next day, is it dry, or soggy. i can say that woodbridge pizza is the best i have found on my side of manchester delivery or not. i consider frank pepe's the best around my area, this is second. when it comes to delivery i have woodbridge and mulberry street. i take woodbridge all the time the wife loves thin crust pizza and we have been on the constant look out for a pizza that is the "complete package", thin crust, good sauce and good toppings. it was friday and we just finished shoveling snow and were hungry so we called them and ordered a large pizza with pepperoni all over and hamburger on half of it. they deliver but we wanted to evaluate the place for ourselves so we decided on pick up. the said it would be 25 minutes. we arrived at the restaurant, it's located at a really weird intersection, with maybe 3 parking spots. walked into the place, very nice, modern, very clean which would be good place to eat in if you can find parking. the people behind the counter, greeted as i walked to the counter and they asked if i was picking up? yes and said my name, one ran to the back to get the pizza, another began the payment process. i was in and out of the restaurant less than 45 seconds (wife timed me). the pizza was cooked perfectly, the sauce was good, the toppings were good and the price seemed like a great value. if we have a complaint, whoever cut the pizza, cut the slices off centered. some slices were slivers and others were huge. we plan on trying other things on the menu as we test their delivery on our next order. this food was amazing!!!! i'm only giving it four stars because i haven't had the pizza yet but i tried the cobb salad, a grinder and the pizookie so far and i've never been more satisfied! all of the ingredients are fresh and the food is seasoned exceptionally! the pizookie arrived with the ice cream still freezing cold on a 90 degree day!!! i am now a loyal customer. good work! great pizza. lived in manchester and coventry for 15 years and am finally finding out about this place?!?! glad i finally did. great crust. wings are average but the pizza makes up for it! i usually get the saraphine pizza which is good. about 2 weeks ago i ordered the eggplant parmesean grinder every thing seemed good,  a short while after i was cramping and puking up the entire grinder, not a fan... just had the pazzo pizza !! i am a first timer and it was so freaking good !!!! i had to stop myself from eating to much, let me tell you i'd like to keep going but i need to have some self control !!! try this pizza!!!! i walked in randomly and got a mtn dew, and a slice of "everything" and i am blown away! the slice was piled high with so many toppings! so many! and they all taste good! just the right amount of toasty warmness, cooked exactly to the point of perfection where the tiniest corners are barely starting to blacken. soft yet crunchy crust. oh and the girls working here are adorable! i used to love this place up until a recent terrible delivery experience. i placed over the phone with credit card and she asked for driver tip at this time (red flag number 1- i too according to delivery time accuracy and weather they find my apartment and don't make me walk outside the building). long story short the delivery guy called me told him where my building was and he had me walk outside to get my order. he was not only 15 min over the estimated delivery time but had me walk outside and then have me the wrong pizza! when i called back to get the pizza i ordered i was not compensated or refunded money or given anything. i will never order again from there. this experience was over all terrible and i encourage everyone to get pizza delivery anywhere else. sweet chili wings from here are by far my favorite boneless wings in town, the pizza is good. no complaints when we order take out or delivery finally pizza worthy of being called pizza! try for yourself. don't waste your time anywhere else. you can actually taste the quality ingredients. keep it up! we ordered a buffalo chicken pizza and we were super-impressed. hot and delicious with lots of taste and plenty of bleu cheese. hummus platter made a good appetizer with lots of greens and roasted veggies. delivery was prompt and courteous. can't wait to try the wings. my favorite pizza place in town! always fresh, slices to go (made fresh, not reheated), the spinach, eggplant, and mushroom is my go-to. doughy crust, a large pizza is very large. i don't love the wings, they are breaded & fried. haven't tried much else on the menu, but as far as pizza goes i am definitely a fan. this is one of the best pizza spots in the greater hartford area. very simple, family-owned atmosphere with a definite quaint new england vibe. the pizza really is great even if much of the rest of the menu is pretty standard small pizza joint grub. these folks get creative with their pizza and this is a great spot to sit down and grab a bite. service is great ... sometimes they get overwhelmed with delivery and take-out orders but that's a testament to the quality of their food. one of my favorite hole in the wall pizza shops. their salads are delicious, especially with the house dressing (basalmic vinegarette). pizza is on point and the chicken wings are crispy and delicious. reasonably priced food well done. pizza best in town besides pepes of new haven. not typical crappy greek styrofoam crust. real crust. awsome grinders too. hands down, the best pizza in manchester!we called in for a large cheese with sausage delivered within 45 minutes. the crust is thin and the ingredients are fresh not to mention the yummy sausage!!!the service delivery man was friendly as well!my wife and 4 year old daughter really love this establishment whether we dine in or call out for a delivery!thanks guys! ive tried every pizza place around central ct. this one is the best take out pizza especially for the price. the sauce is the best around with added herbs that most places dont use. you can really taste how good it is and its really fresh. many places have fresh pizza but they are missing one key ingredient and its usually in their sauce. i ordered wings once but this is an area they need to really improve upon. kind of soggy. can't beat the prices overall for the quality. to the point: the pizza here is excellent. i've been a loyal customer here since they opened. the crust is delicious and substantial, the toppings are very good quality, and the sizes are big. i've sold a lot of people on this placetake the negative reviews with a grain of salt, i live right down the street and have been to this place more than any of those people ever have. it's a small, locally owned pizza place that consistently has great pizza. i'll choose this any day instead of the overhyped pepe's that's also in manchester one of my favorite new spots. their menu is huge with something for just about everyone. the people working are very nice. the only downside of this place is their delivery is kinda slow.they have the best specially pizzas around. i love the taco pizza, it is great. ans you got try the cate's pizza, it has fries and bacon on a 5 cheese pizza. i'm obsessed with their honey mustard chicken wings. everything i've gotten has been great. their pizza is delicious, which is unfortunate because they're probably the most trifling people to deal with. not everyone there, but the people who make decisions are. the thing that makes it different from a "pizza joint" is that everything is so fresh. and the flavors are really well put together. it would be a real bore to go into every problem that i've had with them, but if you require any special instructions to your pizza or if you really don't like something on your pizza just check it before you leave. check it before you leave and have a backup plan of where you're going to eat dinner for that night. there's no sense in ruining a good evening. two stars for the "service". then, four stars for the pizza. i love these guys...juan the owner is great and is one of the hardest workers in the business. i know he started at mulberry street and then decided to open on his own several years ago...great to see him making a success of it. dough is great and so are all his pasta dishes...his staff is friendly and the shop is cozy and clean... my boyfriend and i order from here all the time. their lasagna dinner is fracking delicious! it comes with a salad (always fresh) and the balsamic vinaigrette is like the best i've ever had. om nom nom.i have their pizza as well and really enjoy it, it's a medium to thin crust (not thick but not super thin) always good flavors.  ii've had the wings a few times and always forget that the buffalo ones are not spicy at all and seems like a dry rub. i'm always sad about it when i get them because i like a saucier wing. nothing wrong with the chicken itself, just personal preference. i think i had a different flavor once from them and it was much more to my taste.would say i order from here 2x a week since i moved into my house in aug '13 (so about a year) and have never had a mixup, late delivery, or problem with the food. definitely recommend.and seriously...you wouldn't expect it from a pizza place...but the lasagna...it's like a mouthgasm	1	0	1	0	0
 really tasty indian food. my family and i enjoyed our dinner. i appreciated that the manager stopped by our table to see how our meal went.i really enjoyed their lamb samosas, mango lassis, garlic naan and their chicken tikka masala. my only issue was that it took them a while to bring the check and i had two infant twins getting restless. other than that, it was a nice evening out with delicious indian cuisines great place for a buffet. $10.95 during the week and $12.95 on weekends. very attentive waiter service and owner/manager? open on thanksgiving so that's a plus for those who don't celebrate and want to go out. the buffet had all the staples; tandoori, tikka masala , noodles, rice, fried veggies, the 'dessert' rice that i can't remember the name for. very good though! naan so flaky and airy!mango lassi always a must. absolutely delicious! we order from here monthly and never had anything but terrific food. i have eaten in many indian restaurants having lived in europe for many years. i have had about 20 take-outs to date and have never had cause for complaint. it is unusual but good that dishes can be ordered from mild to hot to suit your taste. food is consistently good so would thoroughly recommend. the only negative is the dcor and ambience of the restaurant could be improved so have never considered eating in. my husband had organized a corporate party, the owner neha is an easy going lady and helped to pull it off excellent.the banquet hall can hold around 75 ppl i guess. the lightings were perfect. the food was good too, the quantities was sufficient to everybody till the end. on buffet usually the late munchers don't get to eat everything on the spread.the spread had chat, appetizers, main course, desserts, soft drinks n alcohol. everything was medium spicy n tasted good!no hassles were made winding up the party too, easy going n hard working staff!decorations n dj was at additional cost. the food was incredible. i has the bollywood tandoori grill. deeeeee-lish!! and enough for a snack later. well worth the wait required to prepare. first, note first that i adore indian food, it's my favorite cuisine no matter where i go. after ordering food from here, though, now i can't even bear the thought of eating indian food in the immediate future.  the sauces were all off-tasting. kind of overly sweet and pasty, starchy. the chicken was dry and tough. very tough. the portions were skimpy and over priced.  i tried to look for positive things to say. the person working there seemed nice? unfortunately, the food from this place not only made me sick, it turned my stomach from wanting to eat curry for a long long time.  and i can't look at bollywood the same way ever again .....i'm so so sorry. worst lamb biryani i have had in years. actually this was not even a biryani - it was overcooked lamb, mixed in with saucy basmati undercooked rice... really??? who calls "this" biryani - i guess bollywood grill does - wow!our waiter could not even answer simple questions about any of the dishes - he said he was new. unfortunately, their appetizer dishes aren't any better..if you love indian food then go to utsav on the other side of town - they are so much better. i normally refrain from posting negative reviews, but this one was absolutely terrible. i have been to bollywood many times. great options for dinner and they really tailor the spiciness to your request. the dumplings are the best i ever had! we ordered take out from bollywood grill. i shared a lamb biryani and a vegetarian paneer dish. both dishes were ordered "medium"." the vegetarian paneer dish was rich and creamy with a little kick of spice. i really enjoyed the biryani because you could taste all the individual spices in it. the rice was some type of long rice with good texture. be ready to potential bite into a clove or peppercorn though. i didn't mind that though because i knew they were using real spices rather than some type of premade mix. the biryani definitely had some heat to it and came with some type of yogurt sauce to help temper it. it was still pretty hot with the yogurt sauce but it was definitely heat with solid flavor behind it. the lamb was a bit salty but it was tender. i would go back. this restaurant has all the trappings of "bollywood." it's over-hyped and its productions are generally unimpressive. stylish surroundings and made-for-americans indian cuisine at prices that make the so-so food simply not worth purchasing.you won't get bad food here, and you will get good service but that's the best one can say; chicken dishes with sanitary, tasteless chunks of wholesale white meat, pre-frozen, tough goat curry, dry samosas... and, without exception, every dish is egregiously over-priced. and that's the worst thing about this restaurant. there is no value in it. you can leave not terribly disappointed in your meal, but you can't leave thinking you got value for your money. excellent!i ordered the lamb vindaloo and the sag paneer. the lamb was cooked perfectly and the dish had a good amount of meat. the saag paneer was great as well. keep up the great food bollywood grill!!! excellent food, taste is authentic. they offer a wide variety of food in the menu. and the staff are very friendly. my family always go here when we are in hartford area. my wife and i just moved to town and gave this place a try. best tikka marsala i ever had. i like my food spicy and told them to make it very hot. it was spicy but had the best flavor at the same time couldn't ask for better. the garlic naan is also very good. very good service dinning in. i have gotten takeout a couple times just as good as dinning in. best lamb bhuna i've ever had! super fresh ingredients and a great portion. amazing service too! tucked away off the main road this restaurant is easy to find, with plenty of parking. three of us ventured out to dinner on a tuesday evening so there was no wait for a table. the take out area was busy with people and two other tables were occupied while we were there. the wait staff was very helpful in explaining questions we had on the menu and were easy to understand. we shared an order of naan bread and then each ordered an entree to share with the table. i got the chicken patia, this was the second time having indian food and i was really impressed with this meal. the taste had a nice spice to it but not a crazy amount where you're sweating it out right away. i would recommend this for first time indian diners! unfortunately i can't remember what the others had, one dish was sweet and one was a bit more spice to it. we all left feeling satisfied and full! we live in nyc and stopped by bollywood grill on the way back from a concert at foxwoods. honestly this place can compare to any of the indian food i've had in the city, but it's located in a small strip mall in a quiet suburb of hartford. i had the bollywood chili chicken and my wife had curry chicken, both were very good. service was friendly. the restaurant was only about half full on a saturday night and was quiet, at least until the party at the catering hall (which is located next store and is affiliated with the restaurant) kicked into gear.another great find thanks to yelp. highly recommended if you're ever in the area. i ordered here for the first time and it was also my first time having indian food and wow. just wow.i ordered the bamboo chicken, vegetable samosa, garlic naan and the rice pudding. flavors were out of this world. i like spicy and ordering medium was perfect. staff is very friendly (delivery) can't wait to order something else. definitely a new favorite restaurant :) bollywood grill is our go-to indian restaurant in town. they have a very diverse menu, take online orders, and do not skimp on the portions. they have all the classics on their menu. their garlic naan is simply divine. i love that bollywood grill is reliable and always delicious. when you move to a new town it is critical to find a good indian restaurant. i stumbled across bollywood grill one night when i was just too lazy to pick up dinner. they delivered. i ordered the chicken tikka masala, samosas, and some naan. it was delicious. their tikka masala has such great flavor as does their naan. the sauce is creamy and delicious. unlike so many other indian restaurants i have been to, they actually give you a lot of chicken in your dinner. they can make everything in all different spice levels and they are extremely friendly. this is our favorite indian restaurant in the area. if i could give zero stars, i would. it was just bad. i ordered the saag paneer, lamb curry, and garlic naan. saag paneer: no flavor...it tasted like very watered down cream of spinach with very dry cubes of cheese...had a chalk-like texture. lamb curry: it was bad. it tasted like vegetable can soup with tough lamb bites. if i wanted campbell's soup, it would have been cheaper to go to the supermarket and much tastier as well. garlic naan: it was okay but was missing one quarter of a naan.i was very disappointed with my meal. the food use to be excellent here...very flavorful, complex, and just plain excellent!. i will not be returning or referring this place to my friends and colleagues. total waste of time!!first things first, we entered the restaurant and found nobody from the staff to help us find a table. we had to settle with one we felt was the best for ourselves.speaking about the food, the food only looked good. there was absolutely no taste. even dal was not up to the mark.the service was pathetic as we were served naan on our plates when we were not ready for it (we were having our starters then) and btw, we were not even asked if we needed the naan to be served immediately.i must mention that the only 2 edible dishes were tomato soup or shorba and the fruits.this is my worst experience in ct with an indian restaurant. omg! i was so ready for more indian food after reading saveur magazine's indian issue. i've been an indian foodie since my college days in atlanta in the 80's. i was contemplating going back to priya where we had our first meal in connecticut about a year and a half ago. meanwhile we've been to haveli on the outskirts of middletown (definitely decent food in a run down yet pleasant rural inn), a downtown middletown tandoor indian place with the most awful service, and our local mmmmumbai spice local take out place place which has recently turned into a sit down restaurant. still no liquor license. being an old time yelper from san francisco i check out the reviews. friends have told me about about bollywood. great place! so i read some of the complaints. but there is a manager who responds to all the complaints. i am impressed. when folks bitch about the chicken tikka masala being too tomatoey, she explains that that's how it's supposed to be. not how other local places bastardize indian dishes to comply to new england palates. our experience was fantastic. we were greeted by a lovely hostess who sat us immediately upon entering. she turned out to be our server. we had fantastic service. the food (lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala, garlic nan, paratha, pickles, raita) was fantastic. it turns out the hostess and server was the manager and owner. i was able to discuss my personal taste about the food with her. she was an absolute darling. she brought out spices to adjust the dishes to my taste. how rare is that. we will be back! thanks you, neha! another great experience here. ordered lasuni gobi, navratan korma, and malai kofta! everything was delicious! only downside, (not a big deal) i ordered spicy but on the takeout bag it said it was prepared medium. oh well! best indian food i've had in years. this has become an office staple, as they offer delivery to my workplace. the restaurant is clean, staff is friendly and the food was outstanding. the dine-in experience is excellent as well. i'm a huge fan of the malai kofta - this is a vegetarian dish with a cashew sauce. it is one of my favorite things ever, and theirs is the best around. the naan is also delicious. one of these days i'll try something else, but i just love he malai kofta so much that i haven't ordered different entree. my friends have ordered chicken curry, samosas, tandoori chicken and did like those things very much as well. order of the menu, i had a 4.5 star meal, rogan josh, and a 5 star meal, goat curry extra spicy, of the menu but i went for the lunch buffet, horrible, cold plates, barely warm caricatures of indian food. -3 stars on the lunch buffet. order from the menu. my favorite indian restaurant in the area. they are priced good for the amount of food received and quality. great to do take-out too. never disappointed with the service, sit down, or food. it was my birthday and i wanted to make it extra special and really "bollywood grill" made it extra extra special! oh my god, i felt so happy and special, i am glad i went therethey served me the best food and very special service, they served me a free desert with special candle, played birthday song and wished me so gladly that made my dayi heartly thank my hubby for choosing bollywood grill that day and thanks a lot bollywood grill for doing all thisi prefer it to everyone jason m. and i had our date night here last night. their participation in restaurant.com lured us to cross the river and give this place a try.the service was quick and efficient. food was decent, but not as good as taste of india in west hartford. the chicken shahenshah was slightly underwhelming and i should have asked for it to be spicy. the decor is simple and updated.not a place i would drive over the river for, but i would recommend trying if you can't get into spicy green bean or plan b on a friday night. maybe we caught you on a bad night, but the food wasn't good. the chicken tikka masala had a strange flavor and the kheer was unrecognizable. it had very little flavor and the consistency was gloopey. the chicken pakoras reminded me of chicken fingers, totally lacking in flavor. the portions seemed small too for the price. this was the second time eating there, the first time was decent, this time was not.	1	1	1	1	0
 just stopped by for lunch and i had the best gyro ever great food , great place and very clean restaurant strongly recommend this restaurant how is it possible that i've worked in glastonbury for nearly 30 years and never went into this place? i expected a typical pizza joint in a strip mall, but it was a charming little place with the loveliest owners. we will be back. probably tomorrow. without reading the reviews, i saw the 4 star rating and told my husband we could eat there because we were in the neighborhood. i won't do that again. the food was not great at all, and certainly not worth the prices. there are far better, cleaner places in glastonbury for paying those prices.we were served by a woman who seemed like the owner and she was very good. i tipped her better than appropriate because she provided wonderful service and is working very hard. she was alone. the big sign should have been only two tables occupied at 5:15pm. i think people are going elsewhere.i had a gyro. the meat is not made at the restaurant. it is sliced thin like lunch meat. i grew up next door to a family of greek restaurant owners and they told me how to spot good gyro meat. it stands upright and they are supposed to shave it off as it rotates with the heat making nice brown, crunchy spots to all the exposed areas. the 'cucumber' sauce. **sigh** should be tzatziki sauce. which has chopped fresh mint. the ironic thing is that we stepped outside to leave and found beautiful mint and basil plants. wouldn't that be to use in the dishes? my sauce had no mint. what i did like was that the gyro was toasted and rolled nicely.the dinner salad was fresh. but the bread was a couple of squished dinner rolls, toasted in the oven. my husband ordered a shrimp dish for $18.75 and the description said it contained local mushrooms. not! those were canned mushrooms. the dining area was fine, but our table was sticky. the bathroom was just plain ratty! however, there was no indication of a lack of cleanliness concerning the food. i have a feeling that this restaurant used to be a wonderful family owned place, and now they are struggling. i happen to teach culinary at a private school, and am rather selective when it comes to mediterranean fare. i had been coming here for years up until recently (i moved further away...and quite honestly, stopped going out as often). i returned last week after a long hiatus and, as always, was not let down. i happen to be italian and so appreciate the quality of the italian food here. from the chicken and veal dishes which are always fork tender (yes...the pounding of the meat coming from the kitchen is always music to my ears), to every sauce i have tried there that has accompanied various dishes, to the attentiveness and "old-world" friendliness of the albanian owner and his wife. this place is not to be missed. i've heard their pizza is great as well but i have never tried it.  one more added plus, the prices for most of their dishes are lower than other restaurants...in my opinion anyway. for a meal you will not soon forget, try adriatik's. we eaten here for years but hadn't been in for a while. i ordered a special chicken cacciatore with extra veggies and no pasta (doing weight watchers). our server suggested to serve it over broccoli and i said yes!my husband ordered a favorite, chicken piccata which is not a regular menu item.when our meals came we were delighted. and even more so when we tasted our dinners. we also ordered an appetizer to share and a salada de la casa and everything was top notch, steaming hot and delicious. highly recommend!! the food was excellent, the owner was wonderful and runs this establishment very well. i strongly recommend giving this place a visit. love this pizza place ... especially their florentine white pizza. really delicious. also the family who runs it are really nice. 6.5 new system for pizza yelpin as if you didn't understand? my family and i had a weird experience here. i don't plan on coming back. we had to ask for bread. when it was brought to us, the waitress told us that those who had ordered gyros couldn't have bread.we were never asked for something to drink. we got refills on water after we had paid the bill. there are some good items on the menu, and some not so great. winners at the table were a simple cheese pizza and vegetable lasagna. the greek salad and gyros were really poor. the salad didn't have onions, and the gyros' meat was a little chewy. did not taste fresh at all. i'd say the more italian dishes were the best.the space was maybe 1/3 full by 6:30pm on a saturday. seems like they have a hard time accomodating parties for 5+. great local restaurant. order any of their array of pastas and you will not be disappointed. i particularly recommend the bolognese, it is superb. cute little family owned restaurant, a little hidden around back in the plaza. the gyro's, greek and italian food was delicious and well priced. in a world full of chains, i appreciate the small family owned restaurants. while avoiding a snow storm, we stopped in and were treated to some excellent food. pizza was great, service friendly, and music pleasant. very happy we stopped in. went back to try the lasagna. very good home-style taste. the most delicious pizza in town. family owned and they treat all who walk in like they are extended family. greek salad speciality pizzas are fantastic! the food is outstanding... very fresh. the owners are very friendly and care about the food they prepare. we went for lunch on friday, loved it so much we went back on saturday and thinking about it again today for fathers day... the kids love the chicken parm grinder with fries...what a nice surprise to find such a great place at reasonable prices so close to home. the bad news first: the booths are a little too close together, so unless you're a toothpick-sized person, you might feel squished and want to request a table instead of a booth. and the service was slow-ish.now the good... and there's a lot of good! the atmosphere and decor are warm and welcoming, feels a little like a tuscan village (if you look too close, it looks more plastic and tacky, so don't do that!). the dim lighting and italian tenor music in the background made us forget we were in a glastonbury strip mall.the food was quite good. the bread was warm, obviously freshly baked. the shrimp scampi had perfectly-cooked pasta, and was delicious. the white pizza was also excellent. the owners clearly pay alot of attention to detail. everything in the restaurant was clean (especially the glasses - they looked like they had never been used before). the wine and beer menus were nicely printed, which is unusual for a pizza place. and when the waitress/owner thanked us for coming in, it seemed that she truly appreciated our business. i wish this restaurant were a little closer to my house, so i could go more often... this is our go-to place for gyros. also love their pizzas and lemon chicken. extremely comfortable atmosphere in this family-run restaurant. food is consistently good, and served quickly and hot. while i love the trendy "specialty" places too, every town needs a place like this, offering a full range of menu options at reasonable prices in a relaxed environment. we came here to try the greek food and were very disappointed. the meat in the gyros was very dry and chewy, the rice was terrible and the greek salad was very plain jane. also, tried to order juice for my daughter and there was no juice. the waitress was very sweet and tried to make juice from maraschino cherry juice and water but it looked inedible. we probably won't go back. great food!!!!!! great customer service!!!!! here's my deal. i can't eat food at my restaurants because of my sensitive gi tract. adriatik's! never an issue. i love their pizza's, i love their gyro's and i love their sauces. keep it up guys :) outstanding! the atmosphere is a corner mom and pop pizza shop with roots back in the homeland but wow can they cook. super friendly and attentive waitperson and the meals are amazing. try any of the specials of the day and you will not be disappointed (or hungry). i'm calling shenanigans here. this is definitely not a five star restaurant. i feel kind of bad writing this, because the owners are omnipresent entities here, which is really cool, but the food is only so-so.for starters, both my wife and i agreed that most of the food needed salt. i guess it's fair to say that it is better to undersalt than oversalt.the calamari was clearly the frozen bag kind. very thick, tough and chewy. i would skip this one. i'm wondering if many more of their appetizers aren't frozen.the pizza is completely average. thick, sicilian style crust. we had a meat lovers and a red bliss potato pizza. the meat lovers was appropriately seasoned from the salt in the pepperoni and ham, but it had way too much cheese on it. the red bliss potato pie was completely salt-less. the broccoli was one step from raw. the sour cream and toppings made it almost smell, as weird as this sounds, like sushi. neither pie left us feeling satiated. waitstaff was friendly, though the lady yelled at me for habitually folding my pizza, though i'll admit the pizza did not want to be folded. last week, came here w 8 people. avoid this place. slow service. altho some okay dishes, a few were awful and should have been sent back. pizza was, at best, fair. we were also lectured about who at the table was, and was not, entitled to have a roll from the basket that was served.  server attempted to play games with (not) explicitly listing the sales tax on the bill, altho the total included the tax. atmosphere was meh. bathrooms were fair-poor; no soap and no towels or blower in the men's. patronize this place at your own risk. a hidden gem in glastonbury! not much to look at when you pull up in the lot, and only 2 people work there... but the food and the service does not suffer at all. my pasta bolognese was to die for. pizza, esp the crust was also delicious. food came fast and we left happy! recommended. tucked away in an office plaza across from the glastonbury whole foods, this is a very good pizzeria with a number of other menu options, mostly italian with a limited smattering of greek. based on the very positive reviews, we were surprised to find the place relatively deserted during prime time on a recent saturday. decor is cozy (and in some instances a bit tight), lighting dim with opera music playing in the background. definitely worth a periodic visit. honestly, i'm confused at the good reviews for this place. the food was not good and it was more expensive than i expected for the overall mediocre experience. i was hoping for a family owned local joint and, although it may have satisfied that criteria the overall experience was completely passable. i've been meaning to visit this little family restaurant for a while now. my husband and i finally went in tonight. i'm a teacher and have the week off and have not felt like cooking so we've been out quite a bit the past few days :) adriatik was lovely! it is a cute little place and the owner was so sweet. i got the chicken parm and it was delicious. the salad and the pasta was a little plain, but the chicken was great. my husband got the large cheese calzone - oh my goodness it was huge!! don't get the large unless you're looking for tons of left overs (which he was!)overall, lovely atmosphere, friendly people and pretty good food. adriatik's has been a favorite of mine for many years now. the tuscany bread is excellent, but be prepared for lots of fresh garlic in it. the gorgonzola chicken pizza is excellent, and the buffalo chicken pizza is one of the best around. i normally prefer thin pizza, but their specialties are worth the deviation.the owners are very hard-working and did a large midnight delivery for me once.the portabello appetizer is unique and delicious. i have also done their catering orders for parties at home.the salad that comes with dinners is a little boring in my opinion, but very similar to what you'd get at most italian restaurants.don't be afraid to ask them to customize anything to your liking. really delicious homemade pasta dishes. the staff is very friendly and it smells amazing in there. love this place, the owners are so friendly and super accommodating. the pasta dishes are heavenly, and the salads are extremely fresh and delicious. the bolognese is out of this world - if it's on the specials menu, you have to get it. can't really speak to the other dishes, because it's the pasta that keeps me coming back. adriatiks has a wide variety of choices and is consistently good with reasonable prices. my favorites are the chicken souvlaki and the eggplant salad. the eggplant salad is something that you can't get anywhere else. it is breaded eggplant sauteed in a white wine sauce with capers, onions, and some other items. it is delicious! the souvlaki is just as good as visiting any greek restaurant. i love giving my business to this place. i sit outside in the summer and they have opera music playing. a nice relaxing way to spend your lunch hour. give it a try, you won't be disappointed!	1	0	1	1	1
 i had a birthday celebration here, and it was phenomenal. i hit a few kinks during the planning phase however, the manager denise went above and beyond to meet my needs. what started with an initial count of 50 people for the evening turned into 75. they did not miss a beat. the staff were so accommodating and none of my guests were aware. all my guests raved about the great time they had. i would definitely say, if you're looking for a party venue, a date night or just a place to have a good time...this is it. great food, drinks, awesome lighting, and a new york feel lounge area. absolutely two thumbs up. i almost never write reviews, but with my experience here, i felt obligated to. i highly recommend this place on friday and saturday nights after 9pm they got a live dj and it's the only bowling place i know that has more of a lounge feel. the billiards room was under renovation when i went last night. a little tip, they have a chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream for dessert but it's not on the menu when you get there for some reason. it's their only dessert but i love chocolate, so i didn't need any other option! another little tip, don't get too hung up on the little things here and there logistically m...they got some work to do as far as process efficiencies with managing the bowling/restaurant/bar cashing out process. it's all separate from each other and the staff is a little untrained. quite honestly, i'm shocked spare time in vernon has higher stars than revolutions. i consider revolutions "high class bowling" without the crazy high costs. service has always been great, and the food has always been stellar. yes, you may have to wait a little bit if it's really busy, but i've only ever been one time when it was that busy. i also love the lounge & atmosphere. if you're looking for a classier bowling alley with delicious food i would come here. great for date nights too! for a bowling alley, it's good.  there's nothing lacking here. it's dark, there's cute videos for strokes and gutter balls and of course a plethora of used shoes to wear. the food, however, is terrible. not that you go to a bowling alley for fine dining but i think there is a perception this is a new design of bowling alley with bowling, cocktails and apps delivered to your "table." this is true but even for the class apps of apps they are, like chicken fingers and egg rolls, they are terrible. i've been here twice. both for parties for close friends later in the evening. this place gets packed quickly so needless to say, i didn't get a chance to bowl either time i visited. i would suggest calling ahead to hold a space or making sure to show up before 8pm to bowl. they have a bar inside and outside as well. during the summer, they have events outside which seem to be pretty popular. dj at night after 10p and they require id for 21+, you're not allowed to exit and re-enter the building after this time. this place gets three stars because of how quickly the bowling lanes sell out, average tasting food on the menu, and overpriced drinks. a for effort though. first time here and not the best experience,i recently moved to ct from nyc so i decided to take my nephew and niece out for new years just to get out the house. i found this bowling alley on google so i called to confirm how long they would be open as it was a holiday. they said they had a new year's event starting at 9pm so i would have to have the kids out of there by then; which totally fine figured we would get one or two games and find something else after. i got there with the kids around 8:10 soon as i walked in the security jumped in front of me before saying anything else he said "you can't bring them in here!" as he saw my reaction he continued we have an event at for new years and the kids can't be in here. i stated "i know, i called ahead and they advised me i needed to be out by 9pm" he stated no it starts at 8 i advised him "the person i spoke to when i called said 9" he looked to the front desk for approval, they nodded. as i got to the front desk already annoyed he stated they needed to be out by 9. visibly irritated i stated "i'm aware and we'll find something else to do at 9, no worries" as we were twenty minutes into the game a security officer came up to us and stated you have to be out by 9pm i said "thanks, we know." my first thought was ok; he must be making the rounds and telling all the families with kids as a reminder. as there was a caucasian family in the lane to my left also, however he turned and walked away never saying anything to them. in my mind i looked around and noticed my friend, my nephew, niece and i were the only african americans in the facility and the place wasn't at all crowded for an event starting at 9pm. i didn't think anything of it and thought maybe he already told them since they were here prior to us arriving. at this point it was around 8:35 and they had ended a game and started a new. we continued our game; at 8:50pm another security guard game over and reminded us we needed to be out by 9 and left never saying anything to the family next to us who was still playing there game. my friend and i looked at each other and looked around. at this point i was visibly irritated and uncomfortable, lucky we were just finishing our game and getting dressed at 8:57 paid and left as the other family was still playing. in my mind i wanted to "believe" it had nothing to do with the color of my skin however "actions" speak louder than words and the actions were coming across loud and clear. i want in my heart of hearts to believe you aren't this type of establishment; however i felt very uncomfortable. maybe we'll just say it was the stress from you new year's event and we just need more training on stress management. music on a friday night was mediocre at best. the louder the sound doesn't always mean it's better. after they changed our lanes 3 times, we had less than an hour to bowl leaving us near closing time. i've definitely had better experiences from a drinks and atmosphere perspective but i would consider coming again earlier in the evening, maybe on a weekday. no drink menu, prices change based on bartenders mood. during an 8 week bowling league was asked to pay different prices for the exact same drink, up to 50% more on the same house margarita 2 weeks apart. just as an example.toilet always filthythis place was really was nice when they opened its gone drastically down hill. this is barely a bowling alley anymore . it has turned into a night club with a lot of problems ....... lounge bowling alley....exactly it! leather couches, lounge lighting, bar, they serve you food at your lane, full bar, brightly colored balls. they were playing music (holiday music, which was nice) but it's not loud at all.the staff was nice, the food was fine, we had spinach and artichoke dip and mozzarella triangles, and salsa. they can cater a party. they also have a banquet area with billiards and some arcade games. and the have leagues.for me, the location is a little bit out there, but if you are near by, i would recommend this place for a few laughs. the first time i came was the first year it was open, not many people were there and it was a great time. a year later however i went again with my family and another family, the desk staff was not helpful at all when we asked if we could have two lanes next to each other. we couldn't even finish our second game and when we asked if we could, they wouldn't allow it. this place has a nice appearance, nice couches, and an average bar. however the bar tender gave us warm beers :/. the customer service was honestly the worst that i've seen at a bowling alley. i highly recommend going to silver lanes before this place, revolution is a huge waste of money first time at revolutions and it wasn't too bad. i think this place needs to focus on one aspect of the business and go all out on it, instead they have 3 small oddly placed attractions: pool tables, a bar, and the bowling alley. the pool area has this unfinished feel about it like they wanted to do more and just gave up.. the drinks were great and although we only got to bowl one frame, the bowling itself was fun. decided to write a review upon my second and final visit the last time i was hear some big guy with a beard and ear rings was blinding me in my car with my 70 yr old mother after as we were enjoying a water bottle and talking about our night as we told him we were getting ready to leave he kept blinding us with his flash light and my mother was appalled. was never going to return but there was a party with a few of my co-works and after we left i returned to my car and after 5 minutes of just talking a short guy in a security shirt started to blind us we asked him to stop my co-worker has a history of seizures and he replied " im the boss just get out of here " we asked him what his name was and he said vinny afterwards we just left so we would not be harrassed more like i said before this is the final time i will be going to this establishment was ok. purchased a groupon but was still ripped off because of uninformed staff giving out false information. staff very unprofessional. majority of staff are males that are not helpful they just stare at you. loads of security there that arnt securing anything, they're just trying to flirt with the customers. food was not that tasty. dj was ok. still waiting for response from owner to fix my price issue. could be a enjoyable place if staff got it together. i showed up to revolutions and expected a good night out with my friends. i was told i had to make a reservation 24 hours in advance. i made my reservation and showed up a few minutes before 9. before the two hours i paid for were up and definitely before the game i was playing was over (with 2 frames left) i was shut off. i will be extremely hesitant to return unless i can get my full time. restaurant equioment paradise inc. recommends this place for an exciting night and fun eats! used to be amazing with great service. we would come weekly just to bowl and hang out with the staff who we befriended. now, with some new staff in place, seldom does the waitress come to you before you have already gone and ordered your own food/drink at the bar. doesn't come by and if she does she doesn't even clear empty dishes on the table. also takes forever to get the check and you have to walk it up to the register in order to cash out. honestly, if i didn't have morals i would just walk out without paying. because it's not like she deserves a tip. that was with just two of us here. front desk staff is never behind the desk and you find yourself just waiting to get a lane or pay. with that said, the bartender is great and is always attentive. i will not be going to revolutions again. they had 5 lanes down. the security is over bearing. 8 security guards in total who are very rude and will not acknowledge you even when you are courteous. the people around us were nice people. you cannot wear a hat after a certain time for some reason. you cannot re-enter the bowling alley if you leave. the presence of the security and their demeanor makes you feel anxious about the fact that the area you are in may be unsafe. i do not recommend coming here. it's seems like they have preference to a certain race of people that they cater to. my friends and i were looking for a pool hall. we weren't able to go to a billiard hall because they were filled to capacity so we ended up coming to shoot pool at revolutions. it wasn't a bad venue especially considering bowling is more of their primary focus but they had a limited number of tables and there was no bridge stick available.we checked out the bowling lanes and there was a dj there and the lights were dimmed and was a great fun looking atmosphere. we are planning on going back to go bowling soon. revolutions is a combination of bowling alley/bar/restaurant/sand volleyball courts. directly adjacent to nomad's adventure quest in south windsor, it is a great place to go for recreation. i play volleyball with waka on the outdoor sand courts on monday nights. the setting is pretty ideal for social sports. there is a new, outdoor bar covered by a tent, picnic tables, bocce court, lawn space, and a little gazebo for music, i'm assuming. it accommodates a ton of people and is a party atmosphere. i've not been bowling yet there, but will certainly give it a whirl. its a nice looking place. very comfortable for bowling. too loud for conversation during the game. small with only 16 lanes. fortunately we came midday on a sat afternoon and there were no waiting or crowds. the staff was really friendly. the food was not good at all. ordered onion rings, chicken tenders, pizza and spinach artichoke dip. the only good food was the artichoke dip. pizza was barely edible. high priced bowling and food. much higher than traditional bowling alleys. the billiard room is nice and quite. i dont play pool often and my family said $10 per hour for pool was way too high. this is a nice bowling alley. but they have some interesting policies that are off putting. for one to make a lane reservation you put down a non refundable 100$ deposit. so if you don't play 100$ worth of games you don't get any of it back, we did but only because we had to deal with management. a few other things.. there is more security/bouncers working there than people bowling, no hats after 7 pm and no re entry after nine so if you go start your car to warm it up, be prepared to deal with a big fat bouncer at the door, giving you a hard time about coming back in. ok i get it, it's a nice bowling alley compared to what's around here.. but it's still a bowling alley i felt like i should've been in downtown hartford at a club. drinks are good although pricey for a bowling alley and the bar style food was good at a decent price point. i had a couple beers and a couple gin and tonics. we also shared an appetizer sampler and loaded nachos both were pretty good. had fun but the bartender either doesn't know how to count or is taking his own tips. drink was $9.00 and he gave me $10 back out of a $20?!? this happened a couple times. customer service is beyond unacceptable. one of the rudest encounters i have had with anyone ever. i've been here before a while ago. we bowled and drank at the bar. bowling and environment was fun but the bartender didn't know what he was doing. we were looking for something to do on thursday night and i recalled having fun here so i thought we would give it a try. it was just me and my fianc. we entered around 10:40 (they closed at midnight) . i tried to use the free game for my yelp check in at the counter which was turned down! ok whatever time is ticking just get us our lane lady. she gave us a rate and said it included unlimited games for the rest of the night. there was about 5 lanes on the end being occupied with tournament like groups. we were placed directly in the next lane. i declined and asked to be moved to a more private lane so we can enjoy our date alone. they moved us one more lane down. really? that was annoying what's the big deal? the best part about our night was our waitress. she was cool. they weren't serving food so we just ordered a few beers and drinks. we played a couple games and then bam in the middle of my mans turn (literally he was about to release the ball) the lane shuts off without a warning or anything! when we asked what the problem was we were told bowling was over at 11:30? we were not told that upon requesting lanes. common courtesy would have been nice especially when we came in so late thinking we had an hour to bowl not 35 minutes at full rate!!! she said all lanes shut off at 11:30. i went back to my lane and watched everyone that was there continue to bowl, it was now 11:45! so of course i went back over there to ask why and the little rude b!$&@ behind the counter proceeded to get off her stool, roll her neck and yell at me! what?! was she joking? she now insisted we only payed for an hour that's why my lane was shut off! i thought the first reason was because they shut off at 11:30?! did she forget that was the only option she told us was available after turning down are yelp check in? at this point i was livid! game her a piece of my mind. the guy that was working behind the counter there told security which did nothing anyway. went back to finish my drink that they let us order at 11:25 knowing it closes at 11:30 while i watched ppl bowl their game until guess what time? midnight?! this place is a joke. also found out that the rude tramp behind the counter is the owners niece and often offends customers (a worker told me this lol) . yea revolutions i won't be back. i'm all set! bad experience with server throwing out food and attempting to throw out beer that were still being consumed. vegas bowling meets windsor.great time, great place. food was awesome. reserve your lanes.i had a party of 20, they made it easy. we got everyone in shoes, on the lanes in minutes. bowling was quick. food and beer came quickly too. waitresses...awesome.also, the food, was great. this is not your standard bowling food. nice job bringing something different to the area. i have gone a couple of times for work functions. a lot of fun- the drinks are decent- and the lounge area is cool, laid back and comfortable. it has a nice vibe and for the first time in a long time- i wasn't grossed out by renting shoes! lots of fun!!! the food is not the best- but it's a bowling alley---- can't expect too much. i had high expectations going into our evening at revolutions. the inside of the venue looked very nice and i had hear a lot about the place so i was excited one of my friend's was having a party there.these expectations failed quickly. our reservation was for an 8-10 slot, in which we arrived an hour early to have a beverage while waiting for our lane. we walked over to our lane at 7:55 and waited, and waited some more until asking the front desk about how they enforce the reservations. we were told that someone would be going over to the group and tell them to leave. we then waited, again, for some time until finally getting on our lane at 8:30 (half hour late).at 10pm our lane shut off, a half hour short of our two hour reservation given the time we were finally able to start bowling. the manager came over after we complained and told us we would get an extra half hour. the lane didn't light up again nor did the screens come on for at least 10 minutes. the "bouncer", for lack of a better term, came over to us a few minutes later and told us we had to leave. we explained to him that the manager was allowing us more time given we started late, but he didn't care and told us that our games were done (the funny thing was that he actually was the one who ushered us to our lane after the original delay...guess his memory faltered). this review is based solely on the customer service and experience of the usage of the bowling portion of the business, which i believe is the most important part. we had pizza and the garlic bread from the menu to snack on, which weren't terrible but nothing special (similiar to a store-brand frozen pizza).to put it short, there was nothing redeemable about the experience to ever consider going back, let alone recommending it to another to check out. second time going there this time on a date. pool area is awesome, intimate, and very quiet perfect for a date. the bowling area is way to small really nice but the wait takes.forever!!! and its annoying that they offer a free game on yelp yet when you go to use it they decline? well we decided to pay and play the unlimited games for two hours anyway since it was a pretty good deal i guess then the ball gets stuck or something and it took over 30 minutes to fix.. which the time it took they didn't give us back saying they couldn't and we had plenty of time left anyway. excuse me we paid for two hours.. all on all i won't be returning even for the pool area. the bowling place in east hartford and the one on the burlin turnpike have way more lanes, less wait time, better deals over all, and they offer a groupon now at the silver lane one where 4 people can play a game for $18! can't beat that! why aren't more people yelping about this place?! after hearing all of the buzz i decided to try this place out for myself to celebrate my 27th birthday. i reserved 3 lanes (i wasn't expecting a bunch of people to come but turns out over 20 people showed up making me wish i reserved 4) let's start from the beginning.$50 to reserve the lanes (not $50 each) and once i got there they allowed me to use the $50 to pay for myself and one other person to bowl ($20 for 2 hours of unlimited bowling and shoe rental) then put the $10 extra towards food and drinks (nice little surprise!) food was excellent!!! i ordered revolutions wings and bbq fries! the fries had bbq seasoning on it not sauce but they were so good!!!! and the price of the food was not expensive at all. i got about 8 wings in total and a nice size plate of yummy bbq fries.decor made me feel like i was in nyc. huge tv's to cover the back wall at the end of the bowling lanes plus club vip couches for the bowlers to sit. also who ever came up with the idea to have shelves under the tables for people to put their shoes is a genius! now if only there were some place to hang our coats........then behind the actual lanes are little lounge areas for people waiting to bowl to sit and the bar is in a separate area with seating and lots of tv's there as well. music was house music which always puts me in a good mood! we went after 10 pm but before 10pm it was more like pop and r&b music.if you are going with a party of more than 10 people i would suggest going to get your shoes at least 30 minutes before your reservation. when we first came the counter was completely empty but by the time i went to get shoe rentals it was congested and a bit confusing. also, if you are going with a large party make sure everyone that is bowling is there on time and set up who will be in which lane to make things quicker once your reservation starts.i had a great time and so did everyone that came with me. the place was crowded but it didn't feel like people were breathing down my neck. i will absolutely be back!some suggestions for the owner: (if they read these reviews)there should be a 15-30 minute break in between reservations that way parties won't have to stop 20 minutes before their 2 hours are over to make room for the next group. also, that will give the waitstaff a chance to clean up the tables.when people first come in they should be told which lanes they have reserved (i had no idea which lane my party and i were supposed to go to) it would be helpful if the amount of time each party had left would flash across the screen during the game. i was having way too much fun to keep an eye on the time. or perhaps you can put the person who reserved the lanes name on the screens where they will be playing.i had an amazing time and so did everyone i was with. i will definitely be back!	1	1	1	1	1
 hands down best pizza place in norwich!love the food, love the vibe!even our friends from california think so when they visited.our go-to place all the time! this is hands down one of my favorite pizza places in eastern ct. a good variety of pies to choose from. brick oven and a nice thin crust. it's one of the few places i'd happily sit outside in the summer heat to eat at. nothing wrong with this place. love a good love salad and it was perfect- loaded with toppings. boyfriend got one of their special pizzas, obviously i stole a piece and it was great.they have seating in the sun and under a tent for shade, corn hole, fire pits, a container filled with books, toys for the little kids, byob. great laid back date spot, you can sit and enjoy for hours! highly recommend we had brick & basil cater our wedding (135 guests in brooklyn, ct), and we are glad we did. the pizza was outstanding. we got amazing feedback from our guests. it was a little tough to contact them early in the game during our planning, however as the event got closer he was definitely accommodating. he was flexible on the amount of pizzas we needed the day of. he was even flexible about the time we needed him at the venue to start setting up. we definitely recommend. really great pizza, nice guys working. ordered and paid online on tuesday night; despite problems with their computer, made our order quickly. had the bbq pork with bacon & caramelized onions, and a meatball and mushroom. delicious! perfect crust, sauce just right, good mozzarella. well done! (fyi, i manage a pizza place that has damned good pizza, so i'm a tough critic). will definitely return. you guys, this place is so good. pizza is amazing. the salad they have with the warm cheese - so freaking good. i would go there just for that salad except the pizza is so good it'd be a crime. i like the outdoor setting and byob aspect however it's hard with the weather is not cooperative. great place for families and kids as you don't have to worry about them screaming or running around a restaurant. but go to the bathroom before you go there to eat! the friday night place for all summer... live music.. fire pits.. truck food .. brick oven pizza.. and the cherry on top.. the most delicious and unique thai pizza ... with no holes in pocket.. omg... coming here every weekend.. loved it.. the crowd was so awesome. it feels like you know everyone here. specially when everyone who comes to eat are playing and singing too.. all hidden talent is right here. must visit. just don't be there on mondays... all other days you are sure to have fun!!m.facebook.com/story.php this place is simply delicious! i always get "the butcher" which is loaded with sauce, cheese and a ton of meat!! the chicken on the pizza is smoked on-site (i believe). the smell as i get out of the car is so amazing! i love every bite of the amazing pie! don't think soggy pizza, think hard, slightly charred (the only way to be) crust! awesome find! delicious brick oven pizza made fresh to order. call for pick up or bring a 6-pack and enjoy your food under the tent by the fire. prices aren't bad, especially with the check-in discount or better yet, the $15 for $30 deal. they let you do half and half of any toppings, which is great if you like to have options. we got half with maui wowie (i think that was the name, it was like a hawaiian), and half of the fresco. loved the maui, the fresco was a bit runny though, so it got messy. also tacked on an order of the garlic cheesey bread, which, be warned, is the size of another pizza! it was good though, lots of fresh garlic and cheesy goodness. open year-round, too. i just wish it was closer to boston, but anytime we're headed through ct we'll definitely need to make a pit stop here. this food truck has super pizza. we had the favorite, the renaissance, and the pearl, a white pizza. both were tasty. we hung out in the adirondack chairs while we waited for our order and drank hosmer sodas. then we took a picnic table in the shade to eat. the staff honored our %10 yelp check in discount even though i forgot to mention it until after they rang us up. i'd go again. there is a reason this place gets consistent five star reviews and that is its perfect food and service. my love of food truck food is well known so i am looked at as,a bit of an expert but it takes no expertise to see why people love it here. i.personally find it hard to deviate from my favorite, my thai, but the numerous choices force me to new horizons. love the margarita and my mouth waters for the pulled pork. the potato is amazing as are all the red pizzas. the white pizzas also cannot be beat.  i have yet to try the wings. to say i love the place is an understatement. i actually find reasons to pass by often so i can.partake. great pizza the potato bliss is my favorite!!! their sandwiches to die for!!!! can't really go wrong with anything and staff is great! always call ahead unless you want to wait 45-1hour they are very popular! slowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. but tasty. not impressed with the service on the friday night that we went. the staff seemed like they were drunk/high and not interested in serving customers at all. they also only have an outhouse to go the bathroom and hand washing seems questionable at best. aside from that, the salad and pizza were fresh and somewhat worth the wait. but, we probably won't go again. first got a taste of brick and basil pizza at a new london event. steve's daughter waa jonesing for a slice of pizza on her way home and we thought the food truck was the former rolling tomato. well, same food truck but new owner.the second time steve had pizza the b&b he went to the food truck's permanent place and ordered a white pizza with clams. mmmmmmmmmthe third time i went with him and we had the veggie pizza with ricotta, gluten free....sadly, not homemade crust but totally understandable) and it was delicious!! my only fervant, even desperate wish would be to eat their actual gluten laden crust!!! such a cool place, great food, super nice owner and order taker and live music!!!please give this fine young man your pizza business. the wood fired pizza here is, in one word, awesome. you won't go wrong with pizza here. we got our pizza as take out, but they did have picnic tables to eat at. i do enjoy the rustic feel of this place! if you don't stop here and try the pizza when you're in town, you're doing yourself a disservice. hands down the best pizza around. i don't even like pizza that much and holy heck that thai pizza. just yum. you couldn't find more friendly and genuine business owners if you tried. truly an asset to the town of norwich. definitely the best pizza around! ingredients are so fresh! the bbq pit pizza is our fav! the ambiance is great. live music, toys for the kids and casual seating. what more can you ask for? i brought a rowdy group of chinese foreign exchange students here for pizza after a thunderstorm cancelled a local baseball game. upon pulling in, we didn't know what to think when we first saw that b&b pizza is a mobile pizza company with outdoor seating only. however, the wood burning stove, natural decor and artistic displays of plant life won us over quickly. the pizza itself was amazing, giving evidence to high quality ingredients and careful preparation using a wood burning stove. the staff was friendly and had a chill, almost hippie vibe that can only be found in a mobile pizza company like brick and basil. easy 5 star experience! very very good. crust is perfect and sauce really jumps. cool atmosphere. had the "clam i am" and "kitchen sink". we're very cool to my young daughter who couldn't make up her mind. good food, great deal with the 28 for 50buffa-q is the best wing sauce imho my family eats here all of the time. the pizza is pretty good. the sandwiches, specifically the porker is to die for. the large is huge! the atmosphere is comfortable for adults and kids alike with games and sidewalk chalk. buffalo chicken pizza was bomb! i had to drive an hour home after picking g up the pizza and it still tasted amazing after the long drive. stopped by here on my way to mohegian sun and what a great find! i was here on a fairly chilly night, but they had a few fire pits going with seats and small side tables around them. pizzas are very well done with a nice wood-fired char taste. prices are reasonable for the quality of ingredients. we just came back from norwich hotel which is just 2 mins. drive from there we ordered 1/2 clam and 1/2 my thai pizza. me and my husband loved the clam one the my thai is very oily just ok for a pizza. i was looking at the reviews before we ordered. i really want to give it more stars but coming from new york our pizza is still the best. i will definitely order the clam again it was a lot of clams and just the right taste. the owner are very friendly. there's also a guy singing with his guitar loved his singing. i will give them a chance and order the other pizza maybe the marguerita next time were in the area. it was $16 for the whole pizza. not bad but a smaller size compared to ny pizza.pls. try them. it is a food truck. my favorite thin crust pizza lives here. i recommend the butcher if you're a carnivore, but their renaissance pizza is also very good. nice thing and crisp crust. and being outside is lovely though it is annoying if the weather isn't beautiful. definitely a great spot for great pizza. stumbled upon this hidden gem on our way back from the casino! what a great find, people are friendly and the pizza is amazing! wish they would open up another place in the hartford area unbelievably great sandwich ... i have been reminiscing about it all day. turkey with candied bacon, cranberry mayo and some more great toppings. the owner was very friendly and ac impacting, oh and he whipped up focaccia bread from scratch to make my sandwich and i'm pretty sure this is their regular move. don't pass this truck without stopping for something to eat! what a gem this place turned out to be. my fellow yelpers did not let me down here. 12" brock oven ford pizza for about $13-$-$14 depending on what you order. we had the classic margherita and the kitchen sink. the pizza cooked perfectly with nice crunch and flavor. 2 pizzas turned out to be a perfect amount for 3 men to eat for lunch with no left overs, but all very satisfied. 2 pizzas and 3 drinks about $30 after my 10% discount for checking in on yelp, thank you very much. loved the decor they created with the outdoor environment. picnic tables and shade tents, but with a nice touch. outdoor seating is the only option because this is a food truck/trailer. but there is a portable bathroom available. i see this more and more going forward to keep costs down. no bother as long as you know going in what it is. i will be back and recommend you try this place. good staff too. absolutely lovely presentation and absolutely delicious every time i have the ability to stop by i always do when the weather is right they always have live music amazing vibes i must say is a great stop for a side of the road location this place is a hidden gem! great pizza, great service, everything is perfect. my thai is my favourite, toppings, pizza dough is just amazing!	1	1	1	1	1
 i'm surprised this place has such a low rating. stopped by for a slice, service was fine which is a common complaint on yelp about this place. the pizza good, there was a lot of seasoning on it that my son didn't like so if you have small children ask them to hold of on the spices. the last time i came here was more than 2 years ago and i remember it being amazing... unfortunately i was disappointed. i ordered a large pepperoni pizza with onion and mushrooms and asked for it to be baked a little longer since i like a crispy crust. the pizza wasn't horrible but not what i expected. the crust was chewy and not as bubbly as i remember, and the mushrooms were very scarce. when you're paying for a $28 pizza you expect for there to be an abundance of toppings. the best thing on the pizza was the sauce, it was delish! all in all i won't be back to luna's in the future with all of the other amazing pizza places in town. after reading several recent 1 star reviews because of service, i thought to myself these must be yelp food snobs, as this is a pizza joint and who cares that much about service. i should have listened to my fellow yelpers. went for a quick lunch on a sunday with a small group of friends. unfortunately a quick lunch at luna's took 2 hours. sat at the table and no one came over after 15 minutes so we had to find them to let them know we were ready to order. then drinks came out two at a time with long waits in between leaving us wondering if they forgot the rest of the drinks. we ordered 3 pizzas which took about an hour to come out. no one came over to see how we were doing in the mean time. once we got the pizza we had to find them again for plates and silverware. the waitress apologized at the end for how busy they were. the problem with that was there were only 2 or 3 other tables in the restaurant. needless to say we won't be back which is too bad because the pizza was decent. came back the other day after craving a slice, it's been about 7 months so why not? like i said, the pizza is worth it. as i suspected, new wait staff. friendlier too. all is well in luna land. just plain great pizza, if you're into thin crust pizza and you want a consistently good place, luna is the best. there's so many different kinds of pizza these days i tend to get derailed and move around and then i find my way back to luna and i always surprise myself with how good it is and kick myself for forgetting. the pizza is very good. the service is excellent. the restaurant is clean and modern. the pizza is a thin crispy crust if that is what you prefer. on its own luna truly does deserve four stars. that being said there are a number top notch pizzerias in glastonbury. imho the best pizza in glastonbury is at harry's or adriatik.oh, and everyone needs to watch this episode of south park: southpark.cc.com/full-ep great fresh pizza with the best ingredients. don't really like the slices but if you order a fresh pizza it's the best i recommend the pepperoni. off the charts good. good flavor, dumb staff.i have ordered from them twice and they delivered my sandwich wrong both times. i ate it because i didn't feel like waiting 1:15 for another delivery. not ordering from here again. fail to follow simple direction. outdated gps. why ask for a telephone number if after an hour of being lost you don't use it. very disappointed in everything. love the pizza so thin. my fianc loves the wings. and every time weve gone the staff has been great and very friendly to our children. first and last time i ever order from this location. we were told order would be delivered in 45 mins, nearly 90 mins and we got our small, sad salads and several items were missing from our our order. $8 for a salad that is not much bigger than a side salad, caesar dressing for a salad with tuna, no italian dressing, we were charged $3 for french fries that never came with our order. no call to us to tell us our order would be delayed (when we called after 75 mins, the person told us the driver was on his way, we are 1 mile from this restaurant)overall, severely dissatisfied with this place and we had high hopes for our meal. i don't know why this place is rated so low. granted the beer selection is just ok (they'll at least always have dogfish 60 on tap), and the delivery takes at least and hour (plan ahead people), and it is pricier than other pizza joints (quality ingredients), and the non pizza items on the menu are sub par, but still...this is our weekly friday night pizza place because the pizza is great, hands down, end of story. i've tried a lot of pizza spots, and this is not to be compared with your typical soccer pizza or kids birthday party. they use fresh mozzarella, not grated cheese from a bag, and the sauce is killer. it is not super greasy or burnt, it is just good. i place the style somewhere between modern (new haven) and american flatbread. less greasy than modern, more substantial than flatbread.if you like to go to pizza places to buy wings, go elsewhere. if you like pizza, go here. a solid 4 , even 4.5 if allowed, luna pizza is tasty, with nice fresh mozzarella lightly dispersed on a perfectly baked thin crust. it's the fresh mozzarella that sets it apart from any other local pizza and our family enjoys the classic cheese most times to take advantage of the simple great taste!we also get slices occasionally for takeout which we reheat on a pizza stone at home. they are a great value, large enough for lunch or a light dinner and always available. i love the white slices and classic cheese the best but veggie, pepperoni and sometimes sausage are the most common offerings for slices.we've been going to luna for years and when the daughters are visiting, we always try to slip in a visit or takeout. great happy hour prices too... blue moon draft $2.50! giving 2 stars simply because i've had decent experiences here in the past. the pizza is 'ok' usually.my last experience, on the other hand, was an utter disaster. we were starving and craving a nice hot white clam pizza to end the holiday break on a high note. now, if you've ever indulged in a white clam pizza (don't knock it till you try it!), you'll know that some places make them with no cheese while others do the opposite. i'm a cheese guy, so i specifically made sure it would be present on my pie...needless to say, my soul was crushed when i returned home after pickup to find no damn cheese! just a bunch of overly-crispy dough with a pile of canned clams on top. worst white clam pizza i've ever had in my life. the $22 price tag was an additional kick in the gonads. with so many other great options in town, i'm not sure i will ever be back. 3 stars, i have a feeling that i will be re-reviewing and possible trend up, but for now, 3 starsrational? too much sauce! i mean, all over my shirt and floor and well everywhere. now you are reading this say, hey, why not eat over a plate or the sink or etc, well, its pizza, you gotta be able to fold it and chomp away.this being said, its pretty good sauce, just too much of it. to be honest, at first blush, i thought this was going to be a train wreck like nolita, it looks the same, fortunately, the blending of spices makes pretty tasty.18 bucks for a pie, which is a bit pricey, but when we try it again, we will ask for light sauce, maybe that will work out, maybe not, time will tell.sliced. great pizza!we stayed at a hotel in town and ended up liking it so much that we got it twice, plain cheese both times. it seems to have some fresh mozzarella in dabs on it, some kind of romano or parmesan, and a sprinkling of oregano and basil and pepper? well, whatever the herbs and spices, it was good. got delivery. i moved to glastonbury about four years ago and have tried nearly every pizza place in town. if i rated every pizza place in town luna would be near the bottom because of taste, outrageous pricing and delivery service. luna's pizza rocks. originally from nyc and luna's has got to be one of my all time favorites nyc included. their sauce, fresh mozzarella, and crispy thin crust makes this place worth driving a bit for if you do not live in glastonbury. somebody else wrote "this is the number one place i look forward to going to when i come back east" and i'm not sure i even have anything else to add.this is my favourite pizza anywhere, period. another delivery disaster...if you read a lot of these reviews you notice this is a common theme and certainly a reoccurimg issue with me. they are never on time.so today i was back in town and ordered feom luna. "45 mins" they said..no problem right? wrong...1hour and 15 mins pass so i call back in to find out if everything is ok...the girl gets back in the phone and proceeds to tell me that the delivery guy just left for the day and didn't tell anyone and that my pizza was here if i wanted to pick it up- beat there are so many choices for pizza in glastonbury including giovannis right across the street...for delivery try angelos..for pick up try giovannis.. their food is good but this is the type of thing that happenens when you have poor management ..no accountability and only hire 16 year olds not that great, kinda expensive and the pizza wasn't even good. very basic - dominos or pizza hut are definitely better. won't be returning i don't know too many other pizzerias around glastonbury, but was glad to find this luna - like it's been said in other reviews, the pizza is good and i would definitely return here but it isn't new haven or anything that will blow you away for what it costs. it's an a-ok pie. i am still looking for other pizza places and casual restaurants to check out over here but dont see too many around.the crust at luna isn't too thin but its not thick, it is crunchy and would definitely be considered a harder pizza crust. we had a veggie pizza that was very good - a lot of times at other pizzerias when you get a pizza with a lot of the veggies they make the crust too moist and it falls apart, i think the thicker crust worked well with the veggies here. walking into the place we saw a lot of interesting pizzas on tables and it looks like they do a fair amount of specialty type pies with big globs of ricotta. there were a lot of larger groups in here having parties. the staff was nice and attentive, not annoying or trying to rush us out .. while we were here dozens of people came in to pick up their take-out, they do a booming business here. it's good to have a good pizza place like this over here for when we go to whole foods and dont want to eat in their food court ! pizza was good the heartburn i had after wasn't they've gone downhill in the last five years but still not bad there's better priced pizzerias all over town i loved lunas when it was in hartford on franklin avenue what happened to this place it's too bad * we've visited many time...as an official member of the pizza snob society, i hereby deem luna's to be glastonbury's top choice. luna's is a good place for a dinner date or with the family.nice bar area to sit, relax, and watch the game..service okay service. the staff could be a bit more attentive. .food the crust is delicious, with just the right balance of crispiness and chew. the sauce is pefectly tangy, without the over-the-top tomato paste aftertaste or sugar-added sweetness of many other pizzerias. and the cheese is gooey and tasty. a superior pie!.cleanlinessthis restaurant is clean (including the restrooms)..valuesomewhat expensive, but worth it..bottom line(5) stars based on the pizza. this is my favorite pizza restaurant in gbury. their veggie special pizza is my standing order, although i've had their salads, wings and sandwiches as well. everything has always been delicious and fresher/higher quality than your typical pizza place. the downside is, i guess, you pay for that quality. to me, it's a step-up from the neighboring giovanni's, but a step-up in quality as well. and i think you definitely get more bang for your buck here than at harry's.they offer by-the-slice as well, for those looking for a quick bite - and there's usually a veggie slice available!i usually do take-out, but on the rare occasion that i have eaten there, the service was always fine. the pizza was just ok. it's not frank pepe's pizza, but it will suffice on an emergency. luna's margerhita pizza is in my top three for favorite pizzas.... and that's a lot for me. i try to get it every time i go home to gbury. with lots of basil, garlic and fresh mozzarella i'm in heaven. the pizzas are more pricey than other pizza joints but oh so worth it this is the number one place i look forward to going to when i come back east. for the silver elephant statues on the bars to the interesting melenge of people for their happy hours, this place definitely keeps the stories going.i had told my parents about my engagement here because this was a sacred place for my parents. also it's a public place. the salad is fresh with dressing on the side. the pizza is tasty and not to greasy. again i'd have to go with the white pie, this time with anchiovies becasue the cheese has the right amount of cheesiness to handle that extra salt.overall it's my favorite pizza place because of sentimental reasons mostly, and it was a good when in doubt option when you don't want to go home and think about cooking or gross leftovers.the pizza here is esquisite. again i'd advocate the white pie with clam and anchiovies becasue it tastes so good. the beer selection is top notch; i choose the stella artois and the tenpenny because you can have sam and sierra anywhere.overall a nice place clean with nice help.the salad is fresh and the dressing is on the side. the pizza here is really good thin crust, good ingredients. i'm scared because the few times i've been here is it pretty dead; that they will go out to of business to places like the one with the reported hot girls across the street. i ordered a large sausage and onion to take to my folks in ma. really good quality. my only complaint, as in other pizza joints in ct. can anyone actually cut all the way through the slices? you have those big pizza cutters, put some muscle into it guys. wtf.  i'm trying to drive and at the same time time extricate one slice that is hinged at the center to 2 other pieces. talk about distracted driving folks. i wanted to update my review because i do love their buffalo chicken pizza, and i am a fan. yes, it's a bit expensive for a pizza, and yes the parking sucks. however, i still want to get a buffalo chicken pizza from here every time we get giovanni's pizza for the kids. if it's worth the extra stop to me, then it's worth the extra star.	1	1	1	1	1
 since moving to connecticut my family and i have been ordering from dominos because that's what we were use to.. but baebeee let me tell you lol... my friend told me that i needed to try this pizza place and i was on the, "eh idk side" because not everyone knows how to make pizza... and we've had bad experiences with some soggy pizza (but i'll leave that for another review) but i ordered a large half pepperoni half cheese pizza and it was delicious!!!! we also ordered the 12 piece dry rub wings (they gave us 14) and i can honestly say i prefer these wings over wingstop!! will i be going back?? um duh lol pizza night next friday!!no picture because i remembered after we finished it all... no stars!!! ordered a meatball and an eggplant grinder tonight. got home and the sandwiches were so mushy all of the paper was stuck to the sandwiches. then i noticed there was a green metal bread tie baked into the bread!! i called and they told me it wasnt from them. are you freaking kidding me?!? we drove there to get our money back and the entire staff came to the counter. they kept giving us excuses . we have alot of employees it must be from the bakery etc...  the son has a really bad attitude and is not good at customer service at all!! i work in the food industry this is not how you serve food or how you treat a customer. paul's is my go to for pizza in vernon. the guys behind the counter are great and they are always happy to help. i love that if i order for pick up and i get there early, i can sit, drink a beer, and wait. huge bonus is they deliver now! the only down fall is delivery can take up to an hour. i live right down the road almost next door, it shouldn't take an hour but having paul's delivery is awesome. when ever i have a party or just a few friends over its paul's pizza for food. the pizza here is very good. i have had several of the specialty pizzas and was very pleased. however i ordered a chicken parmesan grinder and a french onion soup and was very displeased. the grinder was dry, the chicken was over cooked and burnt and there was little sauce. the french onion soup had no actual broth in it. it was just a pile of cheese and bread. i won't order anything other than pizza from this place again i'm over this place, never going back. i have been going here for years and it has gone downhill. canned mushrooms instead of fresh, soggy peppers on grinders, and most recently they over charged me. last dining in experience it took over an hour to get a pizza. not sure if this place changed owners at some point but something is different. i would rather order dominos at this point. my husband grew up in vernon and would eat at paul's every friday night. although i can't say i've dined-in, i sure am glad they deliver. we've tried several others in town, and none were worthy of a second order, until we tried paul's pizza. we've ordered pizza and wings plenty of times now, and each time there were no left overs. that = happy mom :) great service! food is excellent 5 starts for me i go here often and they never mess up a meal! i live right across the street and this place is the best. their prices are reasonable and their pizza is awesome (i can't speak for the dinners because i haven't tried any yet). i would recommend take out only because it seems quite busy whenever i've been there in the past. place is a fuckin shit hole, no good. almost was over charged 15 bucks. waste of money this is where we usually order delivery when we are too lazy to leave the house. the food is decent and they have a good size menu to choose from. the gluten free pizza is delicious. i love the ricotta and all the fresh vegetables. i also love that they deliver to ellington. we will be ordering again. i've only ever had the pizza, which i think is really good, but don't get delivery unless you're willing to wait an hour or more (even on a week night). we have loved their spinach and garlic pizza for years! their sauce is thick and very flavorful. we order double spinach, well done and we have not been disappointed. since i'm newly restricted to gluten free foods we stopped ordering pizza. tonight i took a chance and asked about gf crust and to my surprise they do have small crusts. we just finished eating. there's no way gf crust anywhere is the same as regular crust, but this was quite good. it was crisp on the edge and thin and reasonably textured- not soggy. i'm very excited to have a great pizza choice again! i used to live up the road from paul's and love ther pizza. i've order they gyro and found they put cheese on it. who puts cheese on a gyro?? ijs i do love cheese but not on my gyro. so yesterday i stops in real quick to get a cheeseburger grinder which was most excellent but they forgot my fried mozerrella! i was really looking forward to those. :( the staff is outstanding & friendly greeting you upon entering inquiring about your satisfaction when exciting. food is delicious and plentiful. shrimp scampi, cheesy garlic bread with a salad starter that is the perfect size. lasagna is the best in the area. the food is plated beautifully & is always to appropriate temperature. to bad we couldn't rate ten stars. this place remains an institution. has been my all-time favorite since high school days (1975-76). although i live in virginia - whenever i am in new england, this is a must stop for the finest meatball grinder in new england, with green peppers of course. paul's is a vernon institution. in the same spot for what must be a generation, paul's has been providing a good product for customers over the years. however, the place has been slipping, even with the introduction of gf pizzas to the menu. points of interest...1. the owner of the building in which paul's resides is finally doing some work to the roof and exterior to improve the look. this is a plus--the place was getting a run down feeling and look (not the restaurant's fault).2. it's dark in here...very 70s type establishment. 3. customer service is fairly prompt, but also fairly succinct. let's just say one does not get a warm and fuzzy feeling when frequenting. 4. quality of pies tends to vary. i've had nicely done, and i've had over done. it's a crap shoot. crust consistency varies, too. sometimes, it's tender and flavorful, others it's thinner and tough. 5. they deliver.6. had a couple grinders here, all have been excellent (veal, especially). i still prefer new england pizza in vernon, even if it's now on the other side of town. paul's is now more convenient for me, but not the best in town. i've been coming to paul's on and off for the last 15 years. in the past their sauce and crust were known for being awesome, if not the best in town. up until recently i can't quite say the hold the same title. of the handful of times i have ordered delivery or take-out, their pizza has been severely slacking compared to what it used to be. i have even tried pick-up and it is the same - stale very dry crust. before, paul's was known for having a solid flaky, almost croissant type status as a crust. the toppings are generous, and always fresh, but sadly the crust is super lame. they do have decent calzones, and their grinders are just as huge. interior is small with a handful of tables and it has a very 80s/90s feel to it. maybe i've had bad luck, but paul -- you've changed :( we just love pauls pizza!!!! best pizza in the area. the crust is buttery, not real doughy, excellent toppings. cooked thoroughly. great prices. we love paul's we are waiting to close on a new house and have been staying at a local hotel. we've been eating out a lot, paul's is our # 1 place to eat. never have had a bad cold meal whether we eat in or have it delivered to the hotel it's always hot and delicious from pizza to grinders to fish and chips to the whole belly clams to shrimp scampi. it always comes with in the time they say, sometimes they recommend we don't get a certain item because i think we're going to complain when it comes cold but like i said never ever gotten anything cold, we are staying a little bit away less than 10 miles. our order has always been right and hot, we've always had friendly service from all the employees at pauls pizza i would recommend you if you haven't already try it i have lived in vernon for 11 years and have been going to paul's pizza. they have great food but their management and customer service is horrible. tonight i ordered two grinders and piece of cake. reliever kid got here he didn't have the chocolate cake but i was charged for it. he offered me 5 dollars out of his own pocket for forgetting it. i took it and let it be. then i get inside and open my grinder and its just meat and cheese i asked for everything on it. i called them to tell them about this and they offered to bring me a new grinder and take the old one back. i said sure. then they call me again and say that i need to give the kid his money back and give the grinder back.... they were the ones who messed up...they should be giving me that dessert free of charge. i waited for another hour to get my food the second time after my friend already ate hers...genuinely pissed off with the lack of customer service. i barely even got an apology from the manager. the delivery driver was more apologetic than anything. if it were my establishment i would have handled the situation completely different. never again. my mother-in-law was confined to a nearby nursing home several years ago so we would stop in for a cold cut grinder on occasion. she has since passed away so we have not been back recently, but on our return from maine we stopped in and ordered an 8" grinder which was just okay. while i was waiting for my order to be filled, i was amazed by the amount of pizza dough the staff was cutting on a metal table - the pizza themselves sitting out to be baked did not look at all appetizing. i like this place. yeah it's not fancy at all- quite the opposite. and to be fair i have only done take out. the pizza is tasty crust is not thin for you thin crust lovers. it is the kind of pizza i grew up with here in connecticut. the grinders are very tasty on par with any of the hartford area establishments. i frequent the place a lot due to its quality at an affordable price so disappointed!!!we ordered chicken strips, french fries and a sausage and mushroom calzone for delivery. the fries were cold and soggy when they arrived the chicken so over cooked it was uneatable. the calzone was ok but it was gyro meat instead of sausage. my boyfriend is not a complainer so he didn't bother calling. when he reheated the other half of it we found hair inside the calzone and we are certain it was not ours. yuck!!!!i called and spoke to the manager and he said that i should have called sooner and it is shaved sausage. never heard of that before. not interested in ordering from there again unless they have a big discount on hairy shaved sausage. i have eaten at paul's for the past 3 years. usually the food has been good, but not last night. i ordered the chicken parmesean as take out. it was the worst i've ever had. it was so over cooked and dry that it was like chewing shoe leather. i couldn't even cut it with a fork. i'll never order it there again. we just ordered gluten free pizza and we loved it! delicious sauce, tasty cheese, and yummy toppings. we were really pleased and will be ordering again! tonight was a good pizza night! pizza always varies. either it good and yummy or just ok. tonight was yummy.. ordered the 4 seasons pizza.. 1/4 white, 1/4 meat lovers, 1/4 veggie, (mushrooms, peppers, onion and broccoli, awesome!!) and 1/4 buffalo chickie. just wish that the pizza was consistent. i just don't understand how or why pizza varies so much! the first time we ordered meals were outstanding 5 stars. subsequent orders were just ok and they don't always follow directions when ordering. make sure they read the order back to you! we went with the chicken and bacon pizza. it was pretty much right in line with what you would expect out of that type of pizza. i know that their straight cheese pizza is freaking bomb. i have had several things from here and it was never a complete disappointment. it's local. it's good. damn close to being the best pizza in vernon. you just have to know to order your typical pizza from here and let your taste buds be treated rather than trying to get a little off the beaten path. its a cozy pizza house....i was expecting better pizza because my boyfriends family loves it. maybe because i'm lucky enough to have had the pleasure of truly great pizzas.....this was not great....it had loads of cheese and meat but it was tasteless and the crust was boring	1	0	1	1	0
